{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red127\green127\blue127;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1846\li1846\tx1846\cf1\kerning1\b\f0\fs18\lang1031\tab 10.x (who knows?)\tab\b0 Less bugs (there are much less already).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 10.10 (28/02/2013)\tab Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Important GUI-related bugfix.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Sending from browser to a focused attach plugin window now works.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in Vocodex (when band levels are zero).\line Patcher: lots of changes and bugfixes\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Support for Novation Launchpad S & basic support for Launchkey.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab VFX Color Mapper plugin (Patcher only).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab VFX Key Mapper plugin (Patcher only).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Gross Beat: Click reduction feature enhanced to 3 states.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved speed of sinc interpolator.\line Synthmaker updated to Flowstone\line Newtone: added warp mode\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 10.9 (12/12/2012)\tab Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Lots of small and bigger fixes\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: fixed threading bugs\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: fixed garbage in sample start/end strings\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed cpu usage\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Page Up/Down cycles through the current mixer track's plugin windows\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Support for Panorama P4 & QuNeo controllers\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now drop Patcher presets from browser/picker onto generators/effects to "Patcherize" them.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Double-clicking plugins in a picker called from Patcher, opens them in the caller.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Clicking a clip once (but not moving it) now also selects it (even when not playing).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: option to reset all outputs\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Newtone: changed implementation of "tempo sync" checkbox\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: support for VFX plugins, rewrite of "map" tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: load 64bit plugin if 32bit isn't installed and vice versa\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 10.8 (30/09/2012)\tab Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Lots of small and bigger fixes\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed filter automation import from .flm file\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Soundfont Player: fixed loading of soundfonts (some problems with EnsurePAnsiChar)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed sending tempo to newly loaded plugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Synthmaker: version 2.0.11\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Video Player: fixed no playback/sound in some videos (alien song.mpeg)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Video Player: now remembers window size when no video is loaded\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed initialization of wavetables\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed XY control paint bug\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed loading sidechain output for some plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed updating controls from mixer thread\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: changed FLM exported category (chromatic, so the icon is correct)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: fixed start of wave file when imported from FLM .instr filr\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: fixed crash when looking for missing samples in FL\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: show real download size if it's bigger than the \ldblquote fake\rdblquote  one\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: fixed freeze if you close content lib in FL while it's scanning, then click elsewhere\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: fixed seeing new lists after downloading list updates\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New font rasterizer\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Using AGG for drawing\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: experimental voice effect support\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: support for new chunk based FLM .instr file format (import)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: support for new chunk based FLM .instr file format (import)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: group all items with the same download filename, not just those with a download caption\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: added option to \ldblquote download all\rdblquote  (click on subcategory/cd captions in online list)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: captions in online section are collapsible now\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: content lib window is now (also) embedded in the Download Manager window\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: added option to always start content lib in Download Manager (allows it to stay open)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Animation selector in general settings\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 10.6.1 (16/07/2012)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes & additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in channel settings after loading channel state.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed restoration of plugin detached state in some cases, & now remembers maximized plugins.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved GUI engine in many ways.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab A lot !\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 10.6.0 (2/07/2012)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Fixed a long list of big & small bugs as well as memory leaks, in FL & plugins.\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in endless knob control of VST plugins.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed debug log window not scrolling anymore.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash when browser sorts by file type.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed font charset in numerous places, for foreign users.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little alignment error in pattern clips.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed tempo-related stretching error when loading 10.5 projects.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed problem with omni MIDI control linking.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Made ctrl+right click to zoom out on performance/song sections (like middle-click&hold).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little mixer menu annoyance.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed small bug in PR zoom.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Workaround for Windows touch keyboard sending return twice.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Browser position restored better.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in arp tool.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Newtone: send to playlist when no wave is loaded no longer results in a file with empty name\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed plugin name when dropping VST .fst preset\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed crash trying to load unavailable plugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed two crashes in effect version\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: don't kill automation when loading presets\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Waves 9 x64 now shows shell plugin list\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated Drumaxx, PoiZone, Sawer, Sakura and Toxic Biohazard plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Partial support for multi-touch monitors in FL & some plugins.\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Added warning when attempting to save inside the backup/autosave folder.\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Automation of MIDI out knobs now only destroyed when changing range.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added support for nankKONTROL2.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmor: added import (drag&drop) for Komplexer WT wavetable files.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmor: added "Map audio regions to keys" with auto-dump to score, for Slicex-like drumloop handling.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Support for Windows "app commands".\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Plugin picker: right click to open plugin + its presets folder in the browser.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New View->Arrange windows->Tablet.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL Mobile: updated file format support\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL Mobile import now looks for instruments in shared data path too\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectX plugin scanning has been removed\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: resample loop points on FLM export, improved interpolation\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: bridge now uses FL's processing thread priority for its processing\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added BassDrum synth plugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 10.5.0 (13/04/2012)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed wrong song time displayed on Mackie CU.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed harmless glitch in multilink window.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare crash when reloading projects.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug for slots in 1-shot mode in Gross Beat.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed problem with Fruity Slicer & other hybrid plugins.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in automation of automation clip's speed control.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little bug in multipoint LFOs in synths, when LFOs have a predelay.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed many bugs related to closing FL or reloading projects.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crashing bug in Harmless related to legato in some cases.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor bug in F2 picking random color in name edits.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed several browser scrolling problems.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmor: fixed tiny bug in image menu.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Gross Beat: several fixes, improved resampling & less clicking.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little handle leak.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare crash when pressing ALT on some systems.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed error after recording audio in some cases.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Dashboard: fixed crash loading an instrument file with a reference to an non-existent patch\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Dashboard: fixed double items in instrument list\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Dashboard: fixed showing & character in instrument combos\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: fixed importing .sfz files\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DrumSynth Live: fixed pitch problem at 96KHz\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: fixed freeze when changing midi loop file\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: fixed crash dropping sample on a pad that's playing\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: fixed cut/cut by valyes in "empty" preset\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: pad preset export now sets file extension (when necessary)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: fixed releasing samples when exporting a pad preset\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: fixed pad preset default folders\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: fixed crash opening "save entire kit as pad presets" window\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Synthmaker: various bugfixes (resizing)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed update of XY control when automated\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed crash loading 2 instances and starting a new song\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed hint message flicker\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed crash deleting Patcher instance\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed freeze when deleting SF Player\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed (re)size of SynthMaker UI\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed use of mouse wheel over plugin UI\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab ReWired: fixed time calculation\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed reset of Fruity Compressor settings after saving\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed saving settings of The Grand 3 x64\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: various changes/fixes for bridged plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: various fixes for VST3 plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: added parameter index check for automation from VST plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed loading x64 Play from song\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed some flicker in interfaceless UI\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed loading shell plugin names from registry\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed crash when dragging preset over existing wrapper that didn't have a plugin loaded\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed loading saved bridged VST3 plugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed crash opening and closing bridged plugin editor\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: got rid of "no disk in drive" error message when opening plugin from saved settings\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmor: fixed small bug when copying bitmap.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed tiny bug when MIDI controller out port set to zero.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New performance mode.\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Little change in MIDI message delivery engine.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Controllers: enhanced the behavior of jogs in piano roll and browser.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Remote control: can now assign notes/buttons to parameters in several modes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New graphics for clips in playlist, improved graphics in piano roll.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI inputs now have a port as well, and control surfaces are now linked by port, for feedback. Plugins can also get & filter direct MIDI input from controllers before FL processes it.\line Links are now using MIDI ports, so no more conflict between controllers is possible, especially 2 controllers of the same type.\line Added support for APC20/40, Launchpad, Block, MASCHINE / MASCHINE MIKRO, padKONTROL controllers.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll: brush tool changed behavior to monophonic step mode (shift for old behavior).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll: click-&-hold resizing on 2 neighbor notes glues them.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Some new graphics for the step sequencer.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Ctrl+mouse wheel on channel button to change its mixer track.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added visual feedback for free controls on the MCU controller.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmor: 2 new distortion modes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmor: tempo-synced envelopes follow tempo changes better.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fine tempo control merged with tempo selector.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved tempo tapping, & implemented tapping for some MIDI controllers.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added "Chop chords" option to piano roll Strum & Articulate tools.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now right click to check several menu items without closing it, in some popup menus.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New simple playlist track folders/groups.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can type in names (full or partial) in plugin/project picker.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added type-in editor to parameter popup (formatted as absolute normalized value).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved function of Home/Ctrl+Home/Alt+Home in piano roll/playlist (handy for previewing scores).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New auto-refreshing of USB MIDI devices.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab PR/PL: hold SHIFT & CTRL to lock horizontally or vertically when moving items.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab PR: use mouse wheel while holding notes to change velocity. Also change tools while holding right click.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Articulator tools now available to automation clips (see channel settings menu).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved conversion of automation events into automation clip.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New downloader / content library\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Dashboard: made midi reset message optional\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: select program with midi note\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Squeeze: enabled mouse wheel for controls\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: ask confirmation when deactivating a plugin param\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: drop fxp/fxp/other files on plugin to load it\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: linked voice slides to poly aftertouch\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: implemented loading plugin presets from various default locations\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab ZGEViz: new version\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmor: new "Image selected column" envelope.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 10.0.9 (19/10/2011)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare APDC bug.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmor: fixed absolute ramp speed+high quality bug.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmor: fixed bug in max height check for imported images.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmor: fixed bug in image sharpening.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed playlist bug when accessing tracks over 99.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed tiny problem in envelope editor hint.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Harmor: Mod XYZ smoothing now controls filter freq smoothing as well.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 10.0.8 (5/09/2011)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in automation of channel arpeggiator chord selector.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare bug in Maximus.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in conversion of step seq to piano roll while playing in song mode.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed some possible problems with extended memory in plugins.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: Fixed bug loading some samples from FL Mobile in player mode\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: Fixed crash loading specific .sfz files\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Fixed disconnecting some plugin parts when deleting VST3 plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: Fixed bug increasing GDI object count\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab ReWired: Fixed problem loading plugin with "smart disable"\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab ZGE: Some bugfixes\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Env editor: envelope loops don't need a sustain point anymore. \cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Smooth point modes now in all plugins.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New "Song start" marker type.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: Import and export FL Mobile .instr files\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: Export FL Mobile .instr files\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 10.0.5 (21/06/2011)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash when trying to automate all parameters of a plugin that has no named parameter (like Patcher).\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Slicex: Fixed bug in drum replacer tool.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in loop recording (result ending at the wrong time in the playlist).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little bug in step editing when piano roll is visible.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed Edison's "Acquire noise threshold" broken for 16bit samples.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: Fixed small bug with finding missing samples\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Slicex: Fixed possible case where deck B's associated file wasn't collected in zips.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Added "Recording starts playback" option for pressing record to start playing/pressing stop to stop recording.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New "Gap" knob in PR articulator tool, to ensure a gap between notes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New "Smooth" point mode in envelope editor (plugins & FL).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Env editor: adding a point near the existing segment (with snap off) inserts that point precisely on the segment.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Env editor: panning (middle button) also displays envelope without points (freeze).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL Mobile file import\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 10.0.2 (17/05/2011)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor bug in playlist clip preview.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed note properties not always selected when clicking on notes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed filenames in DW presets in Patches\\Packs\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: fixed freeze when sliding notes for "bounce" looped layers\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: fixed bug finding installed path\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: use correct user folder for refreshed lists\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: fixed unmuting pads in some cases\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Newtone: fixed undo crash\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed Y knob automation for XY controller\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed crash when pasting control/param values\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed update problem when pasting value for activated param\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed crash when clearing\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: removed Granulizer from plugin list\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: read thumbnails from plugin database in addition to plugin thumbnail list\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed unlink velocity behaviour\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed sending midi pitch to VST plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed midi out from some plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed freeze using Absynth 5 x64\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed SF Player freeze\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed lock request from plugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed transpose implementation\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher: fixed crash in effect version when not enough audio outputs are available\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed possible hang in undo when using interfaceless VST1 plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed wrong tempo exported in rendered projects after messing with steps per beat setting.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL VSTi: fixed freeze on export in Cubase\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Wrapper: added IAudioPresentationLatency support for VST 3 plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Reversed behavior when left/right clicking on mixer arming button.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 10.0.0 (29/03/2011)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed problem with sidechain selectors in Vocodex.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed tiny bug in envelope filter tool.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rendering start time problem.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed small bug on playlist loop marker deletion.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug when deleting playlist clips through their menu.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug when undoing recording of audio+piano roll when there were no notes yet.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash when sending presets directly to plugin window in some rare cases.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in Fruity Love Philter's waveshaper.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed sample browser's hot hint minor bug.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in Fruity Convolver's own smart disabling.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Slicex & Fruity Convolver now store local filenames (avoiding searching).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Audio clip positions now snapped to samples (better for linear interpolator).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL VSTi: fixed crash on close in other hosts.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: improved sfz import.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in playlist song loop marker when piano roll pops up.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in Riff Machine's randomization.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New project browser.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Patcher plugin.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab ZGameEditor Visualizer plugin.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 9.9.0 (28/02/2011)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf3\fs18\lang1031 (public beta)\cf2\tab Fixed problem when relocating effect plugin slots.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed time signature in exported midi files.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: fixed javascript using pascal unit.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: fixed freeze when opening project and switch to other application.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL VSTi: fixed editor size reported to host.\line Newtone: fixed crash on file > new.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed bridge timeout.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: endless knob support for bridged plugins.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed crash with Slim Slow Slider's Sidechain Comp.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed saving of settings.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 9.8.0 (11/01/2011)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf3\fs18\lang1031 (public beta)\cf2\tab Fixed piano roll zoom bug.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in Vocodex's sidechain selector.\line DirectWave: fixed "random" rename of DW channel on reload\line Newtone: reset playback position when stopping playback in FL\line Newtone: fixed crash copying notes\line Newtone: fixed clicks/pops on audio export\line Newtone: made sample loading safer\line Newtone: changed note center behaviour\line Newtone: fixed display of bars when time signature changes\line Newtone: fixed midi timing issue\line Soundfont Player: disabled threaded processing\line Wrapper: fixed buffer crash in bridged effects\line Wrapper: fixed initial i/o assignment for bridged plugins\line Wrapper: avoid division by zero errors in bridge\line Wrapper: fixed crash on exit for bridged plugins in some circumstances\line Wrapper: fixed detection of 64bit dlls\line Wrapper: other changes and fixes for bridge\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Alt key flips snapping instead of forcing it off.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New "Frozen LFO" option in envelopes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab "Multilink to controllers" 's popup now features single last tweaked parameter as well.\line Score export to PDF file.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 9.7.0 (22/11/2010)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf3\fs18\lang1031 (public beta)\cf2\tab Fixed crash when "Split by channel" while PR is open.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed vel mapping not updating when "resetting" it.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed broken View->Browser menu items.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed stuff related to song loop marker.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in playlist's merge pattern clips.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed right-clicking on pattern selector in step seq.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed behavior of right-clicking on playlist's scroller.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Autoscrolling disabled when adding markers.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed held click on clips using pencil.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed wrong cursor when shift+add note in PR.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Maximus: fixed bug when envelope is set to flat centered.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed 2 little browser autohide bugs.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed reset values in channel settings knobs for automation clips.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved keyboard focus in FL plugins.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed sorting of channels in piano roll's list.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed case sensivity in plugin picker key search.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Opening a plugin doesn't keep the previous sample loaded into the channel in some cases.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added workaround for graphic driver bug on titlebars in some cases.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in envelope editor.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in PR's vertical zoom.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed APDC bug when disabling plugins.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New playback/preview tool in playlist (alt+right click).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New "New pattern" button in step seq.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Ctrl+middle click on playlist tracks to resize them.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New "Small scrollbars in editors" option.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist: left shift flips pencil/brush.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added beats to time segment options in PR/PL.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll: (shift+)H or J cycles through filled channels.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab "Make unique" now warns if the clip is already unique in the playlist.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Alt+click on ghost notes becomes double-right click (and still X1 button).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Filenames stored in project files now packed using known local data paths and system ones, for better shareability.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 9.6.0 (30/09/2010)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf3\fs18\lang1031 (public beta)\cf2\tab Fixed bug when pressing F2/F3 in name edits without color selection.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug relocating in a piano roll in song mode.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed new bug in Harmless'es self-osc.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed long pause when relocating mixer tracks on dual cores.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Fixed info flags bug that caused shell plugins to fail to load\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Removed some log entries that caused slowdowns\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Fixed loading/saving settings when switching to and from bridged mode\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Various fixes loading plugin settings\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Fixed crash with bridged Crystal VST\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Fixed loading Waves plugins from settings\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Support interfaceless VST3 plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Properly set plugin name when loading a VST3 subplugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Fixed freeze in BitterSweet II\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Various changes in bridge to prevent freezes\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Hide editor windows when showing options window instead of closing them\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Fixed some memory leaks\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Fixed note velocity for VST 3 plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Fixed locating a 64bit plugin from settings\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: Fixed crash when using prev preset function\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: Fixed installation "error [0]"\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: Fixed update of list from within plugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: Fixed listing user items\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: Fixed showing unrelated paths for lists that had "FL" download location\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL Studio VSTi: Fixed "no audio" bug when loading FL VSTi from file in Studio One\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: Fixed loading of compressed wave files\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: Notify FL of changed semitone names when loading a mapping\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Reworked piano roll (vertical zoom).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Mute tool now flips mute state on a whole row when used on side keyboard in piano roll.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Pause key now pauses playback (like ctrl+space).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added basic support (transport controls) for Kontrolux keyboard.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added "remember seek time" option (right-click stop button).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved deleting of overlapping notes/clips (now only deletes the top one).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added waveform display helper (Alt+N) to piano roll/event editor (drop sample onto them).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved zooming from side keyboard in piano roll.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added optional more precise playback indicator in PR/PL/EE (view menu).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Alt+click or X2 button on ghosted notes switches to the note's channel.\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Shift+wheel now moves channels, mixer tracks, playlist tracks & patterns (in step seq selector) around.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved autoscrolling when moving events around.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Song loop marker becomes song loop mode for normal markers, right click freed on time bar.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New handle to rescale scores.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab PR's note hint now also adds key name & MIDI note #.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added "Assign all to->MPC/Trigger Finger/padKontrol pads" option in Slicex.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved zooming/scrolling/grids in FL (no more zoom selector) & several plugins. \cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved right-shift+click on markers in audio editors.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Double-right click in PR now mutes (but still selects in stylus mode).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Middle click on PR keyboard to resize it.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New click-free "magic lasso" experimental feature (works well enough in PR, not so much in crowded PL).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab X1 mouse button on existing notes starts a selection.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added "Quick quantize start times" tool.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed Caps Lock to allow resizing notes from left to Ctrl+Home (see Edit menu).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Line snap=tick snap at max zoom level.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Browser can be set to auto-hide (docked or floating).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed multithreading bug with adjacent mixer tracks routed to the same hardware outputs.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated mouse cursors.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New autobackup/autosave system (that also includes the old trash bin folder).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab "Close all windows" doesn't hide floating toolbars anymore.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Project browser: "Automation" renamed to "Patterns", patterns in them have proper pattern popup that allow renaming & relocating, patterns have proper colors, and extra mouse buttons move through patterns.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added "Lock to most used clip" feature to playlist tracks, to mimmic playlist block behavior.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed note lengths being off by 1 tick.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed mouse wheel bug (Delphi's fault).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed old "Main automation" named pattern from (minimal) templates.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Optimized size of near-empty FLPs a little.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Middle-clicking <> preset selector brings presets in the browser.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab In pattern mode, single-clicking on clips jumps to patterns or channels.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Project browser now lists patterns that have steps in the step seq.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed lots of mem leaks.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Rendering & loading progress now shows in Windows 7 taskbar button.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved channel's "assign free mixer track".\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed weird escape key problem.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New vertical zoom in envelope editor (shift or alt+wheel, double middle click, etc).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Can now load VST3 and 64bit plugins by dragging the .dll/.vst3 file to the wrapper\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: Added extra options for fixed size buffers for special cases (mostly hardware-accelerated plugins)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: Pads can have empty names now\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: Added wheel support and level zooming for env editor\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Envelope Controller: Added level zooming for env editor\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Newtone plugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Pitcher plugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 9.5.0 (7/07/2010)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf3\fs18\lang1031 (public beta)\cf2\tab Little modification in loop recording.\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed memory leak in spectral display.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmless: little bugfix in oscillator import.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Maximus: fixed bug in oversampling (all times were doubled).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed "black note=hold, white note=toggle in remote control" that was broken for lower octaves.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist: marker relocation now undoable.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity WaveShaper: switching to bipolar behaves better when alt curve point mode is used.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in playlist clip merging.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed various redrawing oddities.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed adapting automation events when changing PPQ.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed window size bug in Slicex.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor inaccuracy in automation clips timing.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed EQ mix knob bug in Fruity Convolver when opening it from menu.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little drag/drop mistake in Harmless.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed odd bug with effect sidechaining when loading specific projects.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Ogun: fixed tiny memory leak.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little bug in envelope editor open dialog.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare visual bug in env editor.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed slight loop recording problem.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed initial size of some VST 3 plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed mouse wheel speed for VST 3 plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed issue listing plugin i/o after a change initiated by the plugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed knob mode setting for VST 2 plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed stack overflow when activating plugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed potential crash while loading plugin\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed problem for some VST 3 plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed mixing of multiple outputs to plugin track when fixed size buffers are used\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: fixed reliance on MS runtime dlls\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: fixed resizing of options dialog when fonts are scaled\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Envelopes: fixed neverending envelopes with unconventional arp setups.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Much improved "keep on disk" option.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll/playlist/event editor: removed "Delete all", cut/copy/delete now applies to all if no (events and time) selection.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Inverted behavior when resizing clips from left side with slip editing.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Prevents early recorded notes when "wait for input" is on but "recording precount" is off.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved auto placement of recorded clips in the playlist.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Automation clips & envelope editors: left alt bypasses snap while editing, right alt (& also alt+right click) deletes points, improved step editing (post decimation).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved piano roll note display (faster & looks slightly different), ghost notes now really ghosted.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab ASIO: now avoids buzzing while lots of underruns occur.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist: tracks can now be resized individually.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab F3 in name editor picks last used color.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added offset feature for better (less bad) DirectSound performances under Vista.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added new alternate playback tracking mode that doesn't rely on driver, as well as offset.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added option to mix directly in ASIO's bufferswitch.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New playlist marker options.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist now showing bar #s after 999.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist/piano roll: can now display time segments other than 4 bars (View->Time segments).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now relocate project in song mode from piano roll.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Slightly less clicking when switching presets.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Less clicking when relocating songs with audio clips (& granular effect on clips when declicking is generic or above).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Option to move playlist marker content left & right.\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Option to play notes crossing playback start position.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Better sorting of MRU colors in name edit.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved autoscrolling for some editing features.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved playlist Edit->Merge pattern clips.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll delete/mute doesn't create undo level before actually deleting/muting.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Manual (de)selection now creates undo level.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Shift+up/down now works in playlist too.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New "Merge similar pattern clips" editing feature to merge selected patterns & all their clones.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist: option to disable track grid.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Speeded up playlist display, some new display options.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Time markers now displayed as ticks in main song position slider + their names in its hint.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New "copy/paste value" for envelope (& automation clips) points, compatible with parameter's "copy/paste value".\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New "duplicate" (ctrl+B) option in piano roll & playlist.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Event ID ranges are now cached (for speed).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved scrolling & optimized refreshes in PR/PL/EE.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab "Select time around selection" now selects the zoomed part when no selection.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Activity indicators for playlist tracks.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab PR/PL: Insert now cuts events at mouse cursor position.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New "wide tracks" mixer view.\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added support for Cakewalk A-Series controllers.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added support for M-Audio Oxygen controllers.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Left shift+resize now move splits in piano roll & playlist.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Right shift+resize now rescales events in playlist as well (slightly differently).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed "Make unique" and added "Make unique as sample" for audio clips.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Home (begin) key now relocates to the bar that's the nearest to the beginning of the view (ctrl+home starts from zero) in PR/PL.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved meters everywhere.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Automation clips & internal controllers don't prevent using event automation for the same parameter anymore.\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed way channel pitch bend is automated, to allow proper use of link smoothing.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab When an automation clip is created for tempo or channel pitch bend, a default "sane" range is assigned to the clip.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Little speedup in Fruity Limiter, Maximus, Vocodex.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison/Slicex/Fruity Convolver: holding shift while dropping files appends audio to the existing data (ctrl still replaces regions).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Markers now imported from MIDI files to the playlist.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Little improvements in step edit mode (inserted notes are selected, can now relocate using time bar in PR).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New waveform (peak tracking) view for mixer meters.\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added "Current clip source" list in playlist track menu (listing the clips sources used in the track).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New triple buffering ASIO mode.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: added messages while plugin is loading and when it's failed to load\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: added 32bit bridged mode to run VST 1, 2 and 3 plugins in a separate process, to let them use more memory (not supported for DirectX plugins)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: added support for 64bit VST 1, 2 and 3 plugins (not supported for DirectX plugins)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: small changes to saving/loading\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Maximus: improved crossover.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 9.1.0 (2/02/2010)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed wrongly reported latency in Vocodex.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed broken filter tool in envelope editor (in all plugins).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little bug in playlist "merge pattern clips".\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash in some rare cases when replacing & plugin that has an event being edited in a piano roll.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: fixed loading old states saved with total recall\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: save wave files before saving the .dwp file\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: now responds to FL max polyphony value\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: no more drag and drop of foreign formats in DW Player\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: "Save program" now shows a dialog window if the filename isn't valid\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: minimize lock when loading of settings\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectWave: update browser after saving a program or bank\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: works correctly with unicode characters in filenames\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL ReWire: fixed crash when closing ProTools with FL loaded\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: show options menu when you click on the pad name label\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: selected layer is now remembered when window is hidden, shown and resized\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: fixed root path for loop files\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Envelope Controller: small fix in envelope editor\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: adjusted pitch bend range selector\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: pitch bend range is now saved with other plugin options\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: rescan plugin properties adter loading settings\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed freeze with Fruity Delay\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: re-implemented loop position calculation\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added "realtime" flag support (useful for hardware-supported plugins).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Browser's F5/F6 (or extra mouse buttons, or ENTER or middle click) now sends to the focused plugin (or the selected channel if there's none) (handy for testing files in effects).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison/Slicex: original sample filename now stored in states/projects (to remember the last file loaded).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI import dialog doesn't show for MIDI files with only 1 track & 1 channel.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Right-clicking piano roll's channel selector brings the channel settings and plugin editor.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added MP3 export to Edison.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison (paxCompiler-powered) scripts now support Javascript & Basic.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed 'Select' to 'Replace' in effect plugin menu when there's already an effect loaded.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved tempo fitting dialog in playlist.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: added "send to playlist as audio clip" shortcut button.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab An empty name in the channel grouping edit now sends to the unsorted group.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed the method used by assisted PDC a little.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New "PDC for all tracks" helper for PDC.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved hovering of contiguous piano roll notes/playlist clips that are grouped or selected.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab F2 in name editor cycles through random colors.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New Harmless synthesizer.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New Fruity Convolver effect.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll note color selector can show special color names for some generators.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: added "Show in browser" option to loop menu\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: added button to update plugin properties\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: indicate if note message is realtime or not (VST & VST3)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: some more speed when copying interlaced to separated buffers and back\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: store plugin filename, use it to find the plugin when loading settings\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 9.0.3 (24/11/2009)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed window focus problem when dropping MIDI files onto a piano roll from an external source.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed problem when creating automation clips for channel parameters in some cases.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\f1\fs18\lang1031\tab\cf0 Fixed patterns listed in inverted order in the step sequencer.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed slight browser flicker in some rare case.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed open dialog not defaulting to all types problem in WinXP.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: fixed showing downloader for effect plugins\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Downloader: fixed update process\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Synthmaker: corrected an issue with exported FL plugins where the plugin wasn't fully instantiated until the GUI was opened\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Synthmaker: fixed a bug that prevented sysex from being received from an external MIDI device\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Additions:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang1031\tab VST3 plugin support\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Dashboard: added "send pitch bend range" option\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: added pitch bend range selection field\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: added support for Presonus parameter menu interface (VST3 only)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 9.0.1 (26/10/2009)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor bug when right-clicking mini piano roll view for immediate jump in some cases.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor browser bug.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Kb preview now works better as notes are released when you select another channel.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed priority stuff when background rendering.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug loading old projects with internal controllers in sends.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash in Edison's scratching tool.\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed possible hang when using remote control with smoothing enabled.\line FPC: fixed issue cutting preview voices\line Wrapper: don't respond to "update display" messages during saving\line Wrapper: input names were sometimes shortened\line Wrapper: fixed deadlock when i/o changed\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little Delphi memory leak.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash in Fruity Stereo Shaper when both delay & phase were in use.\line\cf0 Wrapper: rewrote small part of DX plugin initialization\line Wrapper: fixed loading old DX plugin state if plugin wasn't found\line FPC: pad volume wheel resets to 100% instead of 0%\line FPC: mute button now works correctly if there are multiple pads triggered by the same semitone\line FPC: deleting a layer would delete two instead of one\line Downloader: custom download location wasn't used in some situations\line Video Player: fixed "Ignore tempo changes"\cf2\line\b\tab\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Additions\b0 :\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Sidechain to this track only' option in mixer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Create submix to' option in mixer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Override generic link...' to knob popup menu.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Slightly improved Sytrus rendering quality.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Double-clicking a playlist track edits its mostly used clip.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Speeded up refresh of multidirectional playlist scrolling.\line Wrapper: added option to disable threaded processing for a specific plugin, applies to any new instance of that plugin\line FPC: added random triggering of overlapping layers\line FPC: added DW program file import\line DirectWave: added trigger groups\line DirectWave: searches for samples in subfolder with the program's name when loading a .dwp\line\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 9.0.0 (10/09/2009)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed dropping mixer presets onto mixer tracks failing to select the right mixer track when shown at the bottom.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash when closing FL when playlist was shown & toolbars were detached.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed undocking annoyances in the browser.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed slow undocking of toolbars in Vista.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed Vista blur visible when hiding Wave Candy windows.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed OS error when song was running and returning from Vista's logging window or screensaver, while autoscrolling was on.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed hang when opening FL's main menu while holding accelerator keys in Vista.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in Flangus & Flangus in Sytrus.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added workaround for missing characters in font used to display old GUI-less VST's.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated timers to Vista-preferred ones.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed erratic cursor visible for a short time after dragging from browser in Vista.\line CPU meter no longer shows 99% when audio is temporarily suspended (was often reported as a bug).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed visual bug when detaching windows in Vista.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash when reloading projects through ALT+x shortcut, while a plugin is detached & focused.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in multipoint envelope processing.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash through weird mouse click combo on the plugin preset buttons.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed annoyance in browser's 'show only one folder content'.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed problem when loading Maximus presets made with a specific version.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed some playlist key combo weirdnesses.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed not release defaulted to zero for some functions (step edit, piano roll dumps, etc).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed piano roll flam tool that wasn't starting with the right settings.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved piano roll playback tool (can't miss tiny notes with fast mouse slides anymore).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little thing in mixer's menu.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Step edit mode: improved behavior when going backwards while holding notes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab EQUO: fixed wrong FX send track display when reloading projects.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed possible hang in playlist Insert space/Delete space functions.\line Wrapper: fixed chunk size loading and saving bugs\line Wrapper: fixed updating the preset list for Attack when loading a Cubase preset\line Wrapper: don't save parameters if plugin has chunks but returns 0 for its chunk size\line Wrapper: small fix for interfaceless plugin labels\line Wrapper: fixed sysex implementation\line DirectWave: fixed crash when cancelling "Browse" button\line DirectWave: fixed sample loading from absolute paths\line DirectWave: more robust external bank import\line DirectWave: avoid "no disk in drive" message when loading samples\line DirectWave: small improvement to drag and drop\line DirectWave: fixed event handling for hosted VST plugin\line DirectWave: fixed browser update after clicking "Browse..." button \line FL ReWire: now uses tick position for ppq calculations instead of sample position\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Cancelling audio clip's "fit to tempo" detection dialog now cancels the fitting.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: snapping to zero-crossing (improved for mono samples) now allows to select edges of sample.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Maximus: fixed display glitch for bands that are switched off.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: mouse wheel on pitch ratio selectors now behaves better.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: no more pops in sample playback when selecting.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: fixed tempo set to 120 when undoing in some rare cases.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: hint for tempo grid now properly follows downbeat marker.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab No more problem locating project files over networks.\line FPC: fixed pause point for layer pan and tune knobs\line Wrapper: update interfaceless parameters in the GUI thread instead of the mixer thread\line Wrapper: dropping fxb and fxp files on the title bar of the plugin window and on the step sequencer button now works\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: changed file-based audio undo system (standalone versions were conflicting).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed playlist automation clip display bug.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Slicex: fixed little declicking glitch for specific cases.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Slicex: fixed little region-related bug when undoing.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed problem with hint system in plugins.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little stretching glitch in some cases when a downbeat marker is present.\line Fruity Reeverb: store parameter changes in selected program instead of the first one\line Video Player: fixed loading some settings\line Downloader: fixed crashes starting a download\line Downloader: fixed incorrect "last selected" item\line Wrapper: fixed infinite loop when an effect's inputs were inactive\line Wrapper: switched off scaling of options window\line Wrapper: send special tempo message to old FL VST plugins (mostly for Fruity Delay)\line Wrapper: prevent crash when changing parameters on interfaceless plugins\line Wrapper: initialize input buffers to zero every time (gets rid of noise in Zebra2)\line Wrapper: don't show editor window above options window when opening saved project\line Wrapper: sidechain inputs now work correctly (instead of all routed to the track of the first input)\line Wrapper: send parameter changes with float value instead of integer (fixes automation recording)\line Wrapper: midi in and out ports are remembered\line Multiband Compressor: fixed crash related to MS runtime\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wave Candy: Auto visual mode state now properly restored, some other bugfixes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Slit pattern by channel now preserves pattern's beats per bar setting.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed some common window-related weirdness (windows covering others while they shouldn't, etc).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed troubles with snapping grid with specific PPQ settings.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor bug in envelope smoothing tool.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: fixed problem when reloading a state that had envelopes not mixed down.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed problem with FL's hint bar sometimes not refreshing when loading things.\line DirectWave: flush plugin if a sampled note didn't reach silence\line DirectWave: all zone parameters are now changed for all selected zones, when "current selection" switch is on\line DirectWave: mod reset now works for multiple selected zones\line DirectWave: fixed the way a soundfont property was counted on import\line DirectWave: overwrite existing wave files when sampling a vst (but only .wav files)\line DirectWave: make sure the samplerate is sent to the plugin before processing a vst plugin\line DirectWave: DW no longer steals keyboard focus, except for edit controls\line DirectWave: Loading a DWB file now tries to load a sample from file if it's not in the DWB\line DirectWave: DWB files now save a reference to the file instead of the sample data when total recall is off\line DirectWave: fixed acm import - sample length wasn't adjusted after conversion (was sometimes less than predicted)\line DirectWave: Fixed mouse position inaccuracy for pitch bend and mod sliders (multi tab)\line DirectWave: put critical section for sample preview slightly earlier\line Downloader: store location in global registry during installation, instead of just in local registry\line Downloader: fixed some crashes when the downloader couldn't find the download dll\line Downloader: selection window now has minimum size\line Downloader: fixed bug that caused downloads to start again after being finished\line Downloader: fixed download location calculation in manager\line Wrapper: Ampersand was shown as a shortcut underline in the options window (info section)\line Wrapper: fixed a bug loading Arturia AnalogFactory settings\line Wrapper: midi port changes after a plugin was dragged didn't make the wrapper ask the host to enable midi input\line Wrapper: Added code to load shell plugins from different filename than when they were saved\line Wrapper: use different way to determine if a plugin is VST1 or not\line Wrapper: removed first check for value of FruityPlug in UpdateSize to make sure editor size is updated when loading the plugin fails\line Wrapper: don't get parameter labels and value for shell plugin (waveshell) to prevent crash\line Wrapper: fixed buffer (effect version) now doesn't zero output buffer and takes into account plugins without inputs\line Wrapper: fixed assumption that an effect would have inputs\line Wrapper: "onlysavefirstprogram" workaround for Blood Overdrive and Compressor is now used for all VST1 plugins\line FL Keys: high notes are now always decayed on release, instead of released immediately\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor automation bug in Slicex.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor graphical mistake in mixer skin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Up/down controls should now have no more problem with multiple monitors of different sizes.\line Downloader: fixed prev preset selection\line Downloader: fixed focus bug related to modal content selector\line Downloader: fixed bug executing items after download, wrong list was used\line Downloader: paused downloads are now added at the top of the list\line Downloader: tree will refresh less frequently\line Downloader: now deletes all relevant .info files when removing waiting or finished downloads; tp get rid of multiples\line Downloader: tree won't jump back to top when refreshing in response to finished download\line DirectWave: made sure soundfonts load even though a (previously mandatory) chunk is missing\line DirectWave: added support for 24bit and 32bit aiff files\line DirectWave: fixed loading soundfonts with multiple banks/presets when those were resorted\line DirectWave: continue to load soundfont even if it doesn't have the "isng" chunk\line Wasp XT: fixed graphical glitch in slider button\line Wasp XT: parameters past unison had the wrong index when sent to the engine\line Wrapper: calculate new sample position when plugin is processed, instead of when wrapper is processed\line Wrapper: decreased max value of interfaceless wheels to prevent weird behaviour\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed memory leak in browser.\line\cf2 FL Studio ReWire: fixed bus enumeration bug\line Wasp, Wasp XT: fixes related to parameter handling\line Wrapper: Check if current program index is valid when loading\line Wrapper: Check if the current program index is valid when saving\line DirectWave: can hear hosted VST plugin again (to preview sound)\line DirectWave: 440Hz tone works again in FL version\line FPC: some gui tweaks\line FPC: assign entire font instead of just color and style in SetComponentProps\line FPC: selected layer is no longer reset when resetting an automatable param\line Downloader: files would keep coming back if deleted with right-click\line DirectWave: fixed loading (not loading) settings in player and demo mode for FL version\line DirectWave: fixed product code communication in FL version\line Wrapper: note on/off messages to DX plugins now work again\line Wrapper: don't show hints for parameter changes while a parameter is being changed from the host\line Wrapper: inputs and outputs were set to inactive for old settings\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Additions\b0 :\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wave Candy: added rounded corners size selector, made Vista blur look better, made preset switching faster.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved multithreaded generator performances.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved audio performances in Windows Vista.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab No one really asked, but auto scrolling state is now saved & restored.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated compiler (D2007), drag&drop component, IPP library to latest versions.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added Janko layout to typing-to-piano keyboard option.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Maximus now significantly faster.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Plugin picker: thumbnail hint now shows all of the plugin's categories (also selected through arrows or mouse wheel), + other improvements.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added multithreaded mixer tracks processing, and moved CPU settings to the audio panel.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added global smart disable checkbox & new aligned tick lengths checkbox.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New debug log in settings window.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now double-click on effects in plugin picker.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added multithreading to effects processing.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now drop effect presets onto mixer tracks & channels, mixer track presets onto effect slots and channels, channel & generator presets onto mixer tracks & effect slots.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Shift+F8 now brings plugin database.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Automation and Humanizing presets folders relocated to the Scores folder.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now drop automation FSC's onto piano roll (when a controller is selected).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added access to Windows file shell menu from browser item menu.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added new browser folder icons & new 'Recent files' browser folder.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added starting & (approximate) working time information in project info window.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Controls (in FL & FL plugins) now properly support Vista's window rescaling (font size).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL now accepts file drops in copy, move & link modes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Alt+drag from browser = force drag in 'link' mode.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison now drags files in move mode, to avoid extra temporary files (when dragging from an Edison/Slicex/Sytrus to another, or between Slicex decks).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Dropping file onto the 'Open audio editor' shortcut button now opens it in a new audio editor.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Dropping file in 'move' mode (e.g. from Edison/Slicex/Sytrus) onto browser moves file to browser folder it's dropped on.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wave Candy now behaves better when 'Stay on top' & 'On desktop' are off: both off = normal floating window, Stay on top on / On desktop off = will be hidden when popup dialogs appear.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added scrollbar for zooming to Fruity Envelope Controller in key & vel mapping modes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New browser 'Sort by -> Group' option to put most important folders on top (sort group in .nfo files).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Song info window now shows up while loading project.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New (optional) big hint bar, showing progress more clearly when loading projects or processing lengthy stuff.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison/Slicex: new 'Export regions->For sampler use...' that exports with marker middle notes, and improved export.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved envelope point decimation (used in automation-to-automation clip & Sytrus/Ogun).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now drop audio files onto most envelope editors (does same as audio analysis).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist now sticks to right edge when browser is resized.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab 'Close all windows' now closes detached windows too, and added 'Close all unfocused windows' option, to keep the focused one open.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Missing plugin warning (now only once per plugin type) now the same for wrapped VST's.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added browser hovering helper for too large items.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Envelope step editing now works with snap off, with point decimation.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison can now be maximized (double-click titlebar or press enter).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added level scaling & point decimation tools to envelope editor (in plugins).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Shift+mouse wheel to quickly zoom browser.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Extended browser extra search folders to 30 entries.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New (fortunately optional) project data folder setting.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity WaveShaper: gutter is now clickable.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist Edit->Insert / Delete space now cuts through playlist clips.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Plugin picker now features categories.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Enlarged playlist & piano roll time bar, playlist panels are not swappable anymore.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll / playlist local menu (F3 or extra mouse button 2) now lists editing modes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL's audio displays now show proper region purpose colors.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist: extra mouse button brings clip source selection popup.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed (I think) infamous invalid playlist clips bug.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added random color option for patterns, made playlist clip focus selector update along with default item.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added useful colors menu to name edit dialog (right-click color button for random color).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Audio clips are auto-colored when dropped (& playlist track is auto-colored when clip is dropped on it).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Select by selected source' in playlist, to select clips of patterns or channels that are selected.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Brand new playlist track naming & tools for better song organization.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Mixer icons now available to channels (& playlist tracks).\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New playlist 'behind clips' modes (& old bevelled mode is gone).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist auto-focuses clip type when current clip source changes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved playlist clips display at small sizes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Deselect' & handy 'Select time around selection' option.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added a couple of new mixer icons.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved 'Best fit' & 'On selection' zoom presets (will zoom on selected items if no time selection exists).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved note & clip deletion (won't miss events when rapidly deleting) & fixed little bug in note deletion from note properties.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added note & clip muting.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved note & clip moving/resizing detection.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added note & playlist clip grouping (works on selecting, moving, resizing, deletion, muting, shifting using mouse wheel).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Recorded audio clips in loop recording mode are now muted, instead of the associated channel.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'group notes' option to piano roll chop, arp & flam tools.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved vertical scrollings in event editor / piano roll / playlist.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Middle click now works as panning & works vertically as well in piano roll / playlist, and made it work in event editor as well. Shift+middle click or shift+right click works as old (inverted) bidirectional scrolling.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Alt+mouse wheel on playlist now vertically zooms in-place (like ctrl+wheel on time).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added support for Korg nanoKEY, nanoPAD & nanoKONTROL controllers.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added button for portamento (just like for slide) to piano roll.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll / playlist: right alt + right click to quick quantize a single note / clip start position, end position, or both (works in slip edit mode too).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll / playlist brush mode now works better for note / clip lengths that aren't quantized.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved Edison's resampling (for even better prefilter transition).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Only with selection' & random seed options to PR articulate tool.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Center' knob to piano roll / event editor level scaling tool.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL built-in tempo detector changed to alternate (constant tempo) one.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: new Regions->Detect beats option.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison / Sytrus / others: added new envelope point modes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab 'Make unique' on automation clips now copies (preserves) the link to the control(s).\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Right-clicking the piano roll 'select' button brings the select menu.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Ctrl+Shift+right click in playlist zooms on a single clip (handy to edit automation clips).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved oversampling quality & speed (Sytrus, Fruity WaveShaper, etc).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Groove quantizer: can now delete notes too (by just setting velocity to 0 in templates).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New 'Riff machine' piano-roll tool (see Tools in main menu as well) to create riffs by blending various templates & settings.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: added new 'improved', 'even' & 'blurred' unison distribution modes (see options menu).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI input messages are now logged (only when log window is visible).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Number of insert tracks upgraded to 99, for a total of 105 mixer tracks.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Slicex: right-clicking slice output selector now brings a popup listing mixer track names.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New Fruity Stereo Shaper plugin (for stereo splitting and effects).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: new 'Lossy normalize' option to maximize short samples without audible loss.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: setting sample to tempo-synced defaults the tempo (if not set yet) to the one of the host.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Audio files recorded from FL's mixer now embed tempo information (the tempo at the time of recording, for audio clip's 'Fit to tempo' to work without having to guess the tempo).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Last tweaked parameter menu moved from plugins to FL's Tools menu.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New 'Tools->Last tweaked->Override volatile link...' to set up a MIDI knob that always controls the last tweaked parameter.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Multilink to controller's LED popup now applies to the last 2 tweaked params if the list is empty.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wave Candy / Fruity Dance: anim window popup now features 'View settings' to bring up the actual plugin editor.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Dance can load user sprite sheets.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New 'Claw machine' score tool in piano roll (works well along with Slicex).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: right shift + mouse for tempo fine tuning.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab PR/PL/EE, and Edison/envelope editors: new autoscrolling when hitting edges while editing.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab PR/PL: new "snap to other events" mode (also works with ghosted notes).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Event editor can now be aware of which plugin parameters appear 'centered' (supported by Sytrus so far).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Some menu items (save plugin preset & score) can now be dragged around (like browser files).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added option to invert piano roll grid colors (for improved readability).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wave Candy: added new metering modes for loudness visualization, and new vectorscope visualization, also mouse X1/X2 buttons switch mode.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now drop channel data (samples, etc) onto piano roll (more intuitive for Slicex).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Holding ALT while SHIFT-rescaling piano roll scores snaps rescaling ratio to 25%.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Missing project samples now located first in project folder, then only in last folder where previous missing data was found.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Loading a project with missing samples now asks for the content downloader to locate them.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Right-clicking the 'enable effect slots' mixer buttons now shows or hides editors of all plugins for that track.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little Slicex resizing glitch.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Slicex: improved realtime & offline in/out declicking.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Incoming MIDI notes now have their MIDI channel mapped to the corresponding selected channel in FL (MIDI channel 1 controls first selected channel, MIDI channel 2 controls second selected channel, etc).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: added new spectrum display gradients.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Audio clips (& sampler channels): added various declicking modes in channel settings window.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Envelope editor: improved tools.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Ogun: new Create pad harmonics tool.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\cf0 Newbie enhancement: 'Start on input' feature is not saved/restored anymore.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now export a piano roll to a MIDI file (notes only).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Dropping audio clips onto playlist aligns them properly according to the downbeat marker (if present).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab FruityLoops Edition users who have purchased Edison VST can now use the FL version in FL.\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated to LAME 3.98.2.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved playlist mouse wheel scrolling.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Right-clicking the playlist clip focus button brings a list of either audio, automation or pattern clip sources.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved "split mixer tracks" rendering filename management.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: new "natural weighting" & improved "natural scale" for better spectral display, as well as new (slow) high quality mode that brings both time & frequency accuracy (especially in natural scale mode).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab PEQ2, Wave Candy & FL now use natural weighting for their spectral display.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added note helping lines in piano roll when notes are played.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improve envelope editor's envelope smoothing tool & decimation tool.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New envelope filter tool in envelope editor.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wave Candy: improved scale feature, and added piano kb helper to spectral display.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Reeverb 2: added option to process side.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved mixer's input "automap" feature (doesn't map mono inputs, and doesn't route them to master to avoid feedback).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated scripting engine used by Edison scripts (should allow VB scripts now).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated score logger to work better with tempo changes (works a little differently now).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now delete playlist clips from their menu (handy for overlapping clips).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added note preview when changing velocity (or other properties) in piano roll using ALT+mouse wheel on nearest note.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison: improved loop tuner (new tension feature).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Change: audio tracks are no longer set to "cut themselves".\line Slicex: new attempt at auto-naming regions (only kick, snare & hi-hat for now).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed RBS file import (not much useful anymore).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added option to open Fruity LSD in MIDI import dialog.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added support for sample preview in browser & plugin picker using NFO files using "Preview=SampleFileName".\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Browser now lists DWB files.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison can now export to OGG files.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab 'Waiting for input' feature now 600% noob-proofied.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Support for WavPack files in FL, Edison & Slicex, preserving original WAV info.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Plugin picker now answers to alphanumeric keys.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added glow/shadow border option to Wave Candy.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Speed up in sinc interpolator.\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\line Wrapper: added option to steal keyboard focus from the plugin\line Wrapper: adapted to new drag and drop implementation\line Wrapper: buffers are now aligned better\line Wrapper: adapted effect version to be threadeable\line Wrapper: added "Record parameter changes" option\line Wrapper: added options screen to replace options menu\line Wrapper: implemented multiple inputs and outputs for effects\line Wrapper: multiple inputs and outputs now works with the "Use fixed size buffers" option\line Wrapper: can now load new "shell" plugins (WaveShell v5 and newer, mostly)\line Wrapper: minimize locked time when loading a plugin\line Wrapper: re-implemented saving and loading of settings to be more future proof\line Wrapper: optimized most buffer operations (copy/add/interlace/deinterlace)\line Wrapper: new look for interfaceless editor\line Wrapper: now loads VST 1 and DX plugins automatically, instead of FL's internal host\line Wrapper: fixes to save/load settings for Fruity Compressor and Fruity Blood Overdrive\line Dashboard: send controller values on playback start\line Fruity Squeeze: adapted to be threadeable\line Fruity Multiband Compressor: adapted to be threadeable\line Fruity Scratcher: adapted to be threadeable\line Fruity Video Player: adapted to be threadeable\line FL Studio VSTi: added tray icon to easily show/hide FL window\line FPC: pad now triggers different velocity depending on vertical position of the mouse cursor\line FPC: added "Show GM note names" option to show/hide names in the note selection menu\line FPC: adapted to new drag and drop implementation\line FPC: added popup menu with mixer track names to output selector\line DirectWave: increased maximum polyphony from 64 to 512 voices\line DirectWave: added browser preview volume control\line DirectWave: added home button in browser\line DirectWave: browser paths are shortened when they're inside the content library folder\line DirectWave: added option to copy imported dwp and its samples to the content library folder\line DirectWave: re-arranged options window\line DirectWave: new import dll\line Downloader: bring selection window to front when it's opened again (from FL's news toolbar or from plugin)\line Video Player: load video when file is dropped on title bar or step sequencer button\line Wrapper: load VST plugin when dll file is dropped on title bar or step sequencer button\line DirectWave: added control to set maximum release time for sampled notes\line DirectWave: implemented new downloader interface, modeless\line DirectWave: click on empty area in scrollbar(s) to go to that position\line DirectWave: Updated CT dll\line DirectWave: Reduced max polyphony to 256 to reduce cpu usage when idle\line Downloader: cache results of product code registration check to speed it up a bit\line Downloader: implemented ilreg system\line Downloader: improved filter speed\line Downloader: only filter when filter text is at least 3 characters\line Downloader: Implemented delete, move up and move down for items in manager's list\line Downloader: ToxicBio, Sawer and Morphine downloads can now also be downloaded from the selector (if the plugin is installed!)\line Downloader: improved "last view" behaviour a little bit\line Wrapper: now reports the sound device's i/o latency to the plugin\line FPC: layer shows newly added item (i.e. scrolls to it)\line\cf0 Downloader: added buy button\line Downloader: Changed status bar message for failed downloads, when the user is boxed\line Downloader: option to load regcode from file now also works in Windows\line Downloader: added "download regcode" menu item in manager\line Downloader: added possibility for web link items\line Downloader: double-clicking a failed item will go to the registration page (boxed) or retrieve regcode page (online users)\line Downloader: changed text for boxed registration popup menu item\line DirectWave: added "copy to all zones" options for a number of zone properties\line FPC: added some more locks when creating layers\line FPC: new skin, some more changes\line FPC: added possibility to "spread even" on a logarithmic scale\line FPC: locking layers doesn't automatically spread them even anymore\line FPC: now remembers the midi loop name when preset/file is loaded back\line Wrapper: cleaned up error message when DX plugin isn't found\line Diagnostic: changed "fruity fonts" font to "tahoma"\line Wasp: decided on a volume log scale to get the new Wasp engine as close to the old one as possible\line Downloader: changed buy and info links\line Downloader: use image-line.com for redirect link instead of flstudio.com\line DirectWave: implemented ilreg protection\line DirectWave: added wavpack support\line Downloader: set on top if modal\line FPC: implemented .padpreset loading in FPD_LoadFile\line Wrapper: added "Reset plugin" button to Info page of Options window\cf2\line\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New plugins\b0 :\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Ogun: synthesizer specialized in metallic timbres.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Gross Beat: beat rearranger effect.\line\cf0\f1 New Autogun synthesizer based on Ogun.\line Vocodex: vocoder effect.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\f1\fs18\lang1031\tab\cf4 Implemented & removed:\cf0\b0\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf4\fs18\lang1031\tab Right-clicking playlist items no longer deletes them (hold halt to do so). (thrown, user complaints)\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf4\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now middle-click working area to "pan" plugin windows (ONLY plugins, as it's designed for oversized VST's). (thrown, too many annoyances)\cf1\line\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 8.0.2 (05/06/2008)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare crash when loading new project while playlist is visible.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Additions\b0 :\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added preview to Edison & Slicex tools.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added knob for note release in step sequencer & piano roll randomizer tool.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1846\li1846\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Implemented new audio clipboard format to counter Windows'es inability to handle long bits of audio.\line\line\b DirectWave:\b0\line\cf0\f1\lang2067 Fixed vst rendering if a plugin reports zero programs\line Fixed window resize (window kept getting bigger)\line Fixed memory leak when loading external banks\line Create Temp folder before import of external banks\line Browser is refreshed when the lib path changes\line Fixed crash when importing samples with long filenames (longer than 31 characters)\line Fixed a mouse capture issue\line Fixed bug exporting waves for VSTi programs that start or end with spaces\line Fixed some small visual glitches\line Fixed filename extension extraction bug\line Increased browser button size\line Removed mouse wheel velocity sensitivity\line Added tablet pc / stylus option for controls\line\line\b FPC:\b0\line Fixed crash when sample is used normal and reversed\line Doesn't load the midi loop into the pianoroll anymore when changing preset\line\line\b Fruity Wrapper:\b0\line Fixed glitch when changing "bottom toolbar" setting\line "Send pitch bend range" is now off by default\line Fixed buffer size communication bug on plugin initialization\f0\fs24\lang2060\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1846\li1846\tx1846\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 8.0.1 (21/04/2008)\b0\tab\b Bugfixes:\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Added missing folders in the Patches folder.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed hints on renderer's bit depth selector.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed misaligned browser thumbnails when file extensions are shown.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed very rare browser bug.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in multipoint envelope release when release time was zero.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little Slicex bug.\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FPC: doesn't load the midi loop into the pianoroll anymore when changing preset.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed bottom toolbar behaviour.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: "Send pitch bend range" is now off by default.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapper: fixed buffer size in some cases.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Additions\b0 :\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Right-clicking browser button now brings plugin picker.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Made Edison & Slicex load associated ZGR files.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Gave ZGR files less priority than built-in WAV slicing information.\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-284\li284\tx284\tx1846\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 8.0.0\cf0\b0\fs24  \cf2\b\fs18 (09/02/2008)\b0\tab\b Additions\b0 :\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-284\li284\tx142\tx284\tx1846\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab 10 years\tab\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1846\li1846\tx1846\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab anniversary!\b0\tab\f1\lang2067 New \b Slicex\b0  drumloop slicing generator plugin.\line New \b SynthMaker\b0  modular environment.\cf0\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL finally supports MIDI SysEx input, and handles basic MMC functions.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added error message at startup when MMX or SSE1 is not found.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1846\li1846\tx142\tx1846\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\tab Cleartype not forced on anymore for mixer labels for Win9X platforms.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1846\li1846\tx1846\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Right-clicking splitters (browser, piano roll, playlist) for spare position.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Project browser: can show/hide plugin editors from the generators/effects folders.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Generator smart disable is now compatible with threaded rendering.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added mouse wheel support to popup menus & combo selectors.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added some extra mouse buttons support.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added (manual) plugin editor thumbnails to project browser.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Sinc interpolator now faster (64point sinc now usable realtime).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New slope modes for LP/HP/LS/Peak/HS bands in Parametric EQ 2 plugin.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New 'multilink' option for quicker remote control assignment, creation of multiple automation clips, etc.\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Edit whole mapping' to Remote control part of the project browser.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Optional stereo waveform display in playlist.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Re-implemented CME UF keyboard support (although MIDI feedback sometimes makes no sense).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Parameter smoothing now works for relative knobs or other incremental MIDI controls too.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved parameter smoothing.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now define absolute increment steps in MIDI remote control window.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist->Edit->Shift left/right now works for audio clips too (including using control surface jogs).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added full support for the Mackie Control Universal.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved support for some controllers.\tab\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved 'undo knob tweaks' to support tweaking several parameters at once without slowing down.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Love Philter: piano keys assigned to patterns.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Tweaking controls on VST(i)s now show a hint message in FL's hint bar (when possible).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Wave Candy: fixed some bugs & added Vista window background blur.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated to LAME 3.97.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved latency compensation 'Set from' option.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Rendering with latency compensation.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added slip editing in playlist clips, as well as little changes in resizing tools. \cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved accuracy of MIDI input recording under high GUI CPU load.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now move effect slots around using the mouse wheel.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab FL (& some FL plugins) now support .ogg format.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Introducing 'Selected' mixer track, to which the selected mixer track is routed, and in which you place visual effects or a recording Edison.\tab\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Ctrl+E to quickly open an audio editor in a mixer track, or Shift+E to open an audio logger. \cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added score logging feature, not to miss scored played while testing.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll: added 'Select at random' to select 10% random notes, for variations.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist: clip source selection now in titlebar, and clips panel now on top by default.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab One-click audio recording now prompts to record in Edison.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved RAM usage meter for some systems.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now resize multiple playlist clips at once.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Caps lock function changed to allow resizing of notes from left side in piano roll.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added recording filter (right-click record button).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Newbie enhancement: snapping is on by default.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Newbie enhancement: browser snapshot now defaults to slot 1.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Newbie enhancement: window menu icons replaced by holly down arrows.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New spectral view in monitor panel.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab DrumSynth: added call to SendPatchToEngine to Voice_Release, to temporarily fix a release problem when multiple voices are active\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Automation now displayed in pattern clips, improved event editor display.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Channels in piano roll channel selector are now sorted by channel group.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New list of available patterns when right-clicking the pattern selector.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Patterns named '-pattern name' now act as separators in lists.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added OGG Vorbis rendering target.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added randomize & humanize to multilink menu.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Default audio device changed to ASIO4ALL.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Newly-recorded patterns now added as pattern clips (when in song mode).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity DX10: mod init and sustain calculations now also take samplerate into account\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed piano roll keyboard modifiers a little (see help file) to add a new SHIFT+click to add note in resize mode.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Send previous/next to selected channel' option in browser. Works well with extra mouse buttons too. \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Default peak meters scale bottom changed to -70dB, alternate scale down to -50dB.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Introducing FL-chan in wallpapers.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Newbie enhancement: 'save as' icon blinks once 5min after the last save, then each 30sec after 10min.\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Changed generator multithreaded processing method a little.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Adapted wav file loader for more bad interpretations of a bad format.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Mapped incoming "all notes off" MIDI message to panic.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Removed obsolete '16.8' version of the 32Bit wav rendering.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Edison\b0 :\line\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab EQ, blur & reverb tools now remember their envelope editor settings.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab unselects when live selection is too short (<150ms), and added live selection as published parameter.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab new fancy waveform display mode, and option to export display to bitmap file.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab added stereo waveform display.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab new slave sync, pause button, transport active when not playing, support for control surfaces and keyboard input (to slice or for sampler preview).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab can now link notes to markers/regions (for use in Fruity Slicer).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab added "Undo mix (spectral)" and "Paste mix (spectral)" features.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab added keyboard (to note or to slice) preview.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab added 'quick rename (all)' option to rename all regions to drum names.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Edison & Sytrus now captionize themselves when starting a sample drag.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab new Tools->Send to playlist as audio clip, to send the clip to the playlist at selection, linked to the same mixer track as Edison.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab new drum(loop) stretching tool (& paste replace (drum)), with improved gaps filling.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab CTRL+DRAG drums from one instance to another, to replace drums in a loop with drums from another loop.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab slide option now works on markers/regions too.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab hold right-shift to move markers more accurately (temporary zoom).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New phase editing feature in Edison's EQ. \cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added middle note & score detection\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved smoothness when recording for several minutes\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab new 'dual view' mode showing both waveform & spectrum.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab added tools->sequencing->send to selected channel, to quickly send audio to the selected channel without dragging (mainly for Fruity Slicer).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed spectral display's windowing to Kaiser.\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab new support for region types, and grid aligned to first downbeat marker.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab new tempo detector that gives better results for fixed-tempo songs.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab added 'Time format' menu to display time regardless of the grid mode.\tab\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Dashboard\b0 :\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab fixed scroller freeze issue\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab edit string dialog now pops up on correct screen\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab "send value" for patch control no longer generates an exception\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab messages are no longer added to a buffer to be sent during processing\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b FPC\b0 :\line\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab invalidate synthpanel on resize, to avoid graphical glitch when resizing the editor with "Show window contents while dragging" off in Windows\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab mouse wheel now changes pad\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab some cosmetic changes\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab pan envelope is now bipolar\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab fixed some save dialog glitches.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab fixed envelope handling.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab added wave preview in open dialog.\line small UI changes\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab better behaviour when samples are missing\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab changed direction for changing pads from mouse wheel\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab fixed midi loop loading, it now takes into accounts the steps per beat\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Video Player\b0 :\line\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab do nothing in TVideoViewer.AcceptMediaSample to prevent creeping cpu usage\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab moved position updates from Process to Idle function, to save some cpu usage\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab detached video will now keep playing if the plugin editor window is hidden\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab added "Ignore tempo changes" option\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab fix to prevent rising cpu usage.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab "render fast" is now the default\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Fruity Wrapper\b0 :\line\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab "Export all programs as Cubase presets" saved the current program in every file\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab fixed new implementation of ProcessParam to avoid "integer overflow" exception when adding an automation clip\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab added hint when plugin parameter changes\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab some fixes in ProcessParam\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab now flushes plugin (inactive/active) in the PlugIOChanged callback\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab don't send "all note off" message for effects\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab the fixed size output buffer for effects are now initialized to zero before processing\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab now call AllocBuffers when the blocksize changes\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab renamed menu items for saving/loading fst and fxb files to "VST" instead of "Cubase"\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab added "Send note off velocity" option\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab implemented support for sysex messages sent by the plugin (untested)\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab let FL re-read key names when updateDisplay message is received from VST plugin\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab\b DirectWave\b0 :\line\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab fixed bug showing save program dialogs\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab added file compatibility options to (global) options dialog\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab "gain" control on zone tab now defaults to 0.0dB again\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab "gain" control on zone tab is now multiplied to the volume instead of added\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab updated downloader implementation\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab double-click on zone (or zone index) now opens sample tab\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab now need to right-click on sample scroll bar to zoom\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab fixed drag&drop crash\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab made library scan (for popup menu) a lot faster\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab fixed browser resizing from config dlg\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab fixed behaviour of browser expansion with multiple instances\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab changed volume and velocity implementation\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab re-implemented soundfont support, now supports 24bit soundfonts\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab fixed resizing in FL version, made it more spec-compliant in VSTi version\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab some VST specific improvements\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab fixed crash in VSTi when opening/closing browser because of incorrect FL version check\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab effect switches on the zone page now also act according to the "global" switch\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab improved demo mode save/restore for VSTi version\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab fixed window size bug (browser open/closed) when opening editor\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab fixed ogg import, made it use 32bit float samples instead of 16bit int\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab restructured files, recompiled\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab fixed "full range" behaviour for selectors\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab (\b Bug)fixes\b0  :\line\line\f0\lang1031 Bugfix in envelope point snapping.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1846\li1846\tx142\tx1846\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0\tab Bugfix in Sytrus unison sub.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1846\li1846\tx1846\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in Edison's looping tool & trimming option.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in stretching engine.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in monophonic mode combined with Fruity Slicer plugin.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed weird bug importing corrupted playlist data from FL6 projects.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed keystrokes not getting to FL when mixer was detached & focused.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed strange bug with ASIO. \cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little bug when reordering mixer tracks.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash when closing FL while project browser was open.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed tiny browser bug.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in WaveShaper & Sytrus bipolar to unipolar mapping conversion.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed thread-locking issue with multiple smoothed up remote control combined with visible project browser and knob tweak undo enabled.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix: quick quantize no longer resizes playlist clips.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare arpeggiator bug.\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed problem loading some VST 2.4 plugins.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in Sytrus envelope release combined with sustain level.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash in Vista when Data Execution Prevention is on\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed some possible deadlocks when MIDI-controlling parameters.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little bug in Fruity Slicer's note dump.\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed little problem in MIDI input window.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\f1\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed big bug in wav file loader when regions have comments.\cf0\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\f1\fs18\lang1031\tab Changing MP3 bitrate in renderer now doesn't reset all plugins anymore (was slow for some plugins).\cf0\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\f1\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed browser not restoring top item in some cases when switching snapshots.\cf0\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 7.0.0 (03/01/2007)\b0\tab Little GUI redesign.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: hint in harmonics editor not lagging anymore.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus / envelope editor: ctrl+shift to bypass point snapping.\line Sytrus / envelope editor: multilevel undo & display updates.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little memory leak in browser's history.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed wrong displayed hint for automation clips.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab No more flicker when resizing plugin windows.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New resampling engine, support for mono & 32bit wavs.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Mapped scroll-lock key to FL's autoscrolling.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Switched to Delphi 2006.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed tiny glitch with mixer icons.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab BeepMap: can now drop bitmaps onto channel buttons.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved audio recording to disk (no more crackles when recording lots of mixer tracks).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Reworked toolbars, with CPU usage graph and RAM meter.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now edit samples from the browser item popup.\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now drop any file onto the browser to get the folder added to the extra folders (handy when using the browser to preview sounds). \cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added large browser aspect.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor bug in multiband compressor (master meter was all mono).\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crashing bug in granulizer.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in Fruity Delay Bank.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Small UI changes & optimizations in Sytrus.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New Fruity Love Philter effect plugin.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: little speed improvement when processing arpeggiated/gated presets.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Audio device now stored by name rather than by index.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab New Edison audio editor.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Right-shift in piano roll & playlist to pan the editor (same as in Edison).\line Support for 16bit integer/32bit float/mono/stereo samples inside FL, Fruity Granulizer & Fruity Slicer.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Faster slicing in FL, Fruity Slicer, Fruity Granulizer and Edison.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Added spectral view in Fruity Slicer.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: several speedups when triggering voices, computing & importing shapes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crashing project browser when a mixer control was linked in omni mode.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: slightly improved plucked string generator.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fruity wrapper: added "Invalidate editor window" option (on by default)\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fruity wrapper: fixed bug in preset names that start with "-"\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fruity wrapper: bugfix: effect version copies input to output when no plugin is loaded\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fruity wrapper: bugfix: "fixed size buffers" option is now saved for each plugin\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: added popup menu for sample displays\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: middle-click on a sample display now opens that sample in Edison\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: fixed layer display after dropping a wave\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: fixed a crashing bug with empty layers\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: reimplemented resampling\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: re-implemented sample loading, it's now independent of FL's sample loading and loads mono and 32bit samples faster\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: fixed two bugs importing midi files and other minor bugfixes\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab ReWired: added selection of bus and channel for the ReWired channel to send its notes to (midi options window)\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FL DXi: updated calculation of time information to prevent continuous resynchronizing in Sonar versions 4.04 and up\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Edison: much improved spectrum display.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Sytrus: little speed & quality enhancement and now up to 256 harmonics per operator.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Sytrus: fixed rare crash when editing waveshaper envelope.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Added new stretching methods to FL & Fruity Slicer.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Added stretching tool to Edison.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Mono ASIO inputs now listed in the mixer's input list, so that you can record from mono sources.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed little bug in mixer state loading.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Added 'stairs' line mode to envelope editor.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Some generators can now be threaded for some CPU gain on dual cores.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Introducing smart disable mode for generators as well. \f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Improved fading/declicking in Edison, Fruity Slicer and FL. \f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed rare mixer track relocation bug.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed unreleased notes when using sustain in recording mode.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Linked sustain pedal to step jump in step editing mode.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Sytrus: unison panning, volume and pitch now update running voices when automated. \f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Sytrus: added 'bipolar LFO tension' option to LFO's.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Sytrus: added cherry phaser filter.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Browser now previews the sample's root note.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Added more safety checks for bad wav samples.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Plugin windows & mixer can now be detached from the main window.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed tiny keyboard problem with detached windows. \f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Added pattern clips to the playlist.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Improved zoom tool in playlist tracks.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Ctrl+right click = zoom in playlist & piano roll.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Undo for automation clips, and more meaningful undo names.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Can now turn event automation into automation clips.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Double-click pattern clips to edit its contents.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Spectrum can now be displayed in channel settings & audio clips.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Support for AIFF files in sampler channels & Edison.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Support for Apple Loops AIFF extensions.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Updated zipping DLL. \f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Dashboard: added "Send all values" option\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Dashboard: fixed sending values of switches and patch selectors\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Dashboard: updates for note off velocity support and note on velocity calculation\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab DirectWave: now loads AIFF samples\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab DirectWave: VST preset file loader in autosampler\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab DirectWave: lots of bugfixes\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FL Keys: fixed loading of some 16bit waves\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: reimplemented voice and envelope processing\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: now loads AIFF, MP3 and REX files\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: now exports to SFZ format\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: preview notes now also trigger cut groups\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: fixed layer tune\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: allow selection of regions in a wave for start/end points\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: added possibility to keep current note layout when changing presets\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: added option to map every pad to a note one by one (per bank)\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FPC: the pan envelope can't cut a voice anymore\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Edison: new click-free editing.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Added 32Bit stream option to DirectSound output.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab FL is now optimized for ClearType.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed 2 minor glitches in PR. \f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Escape to abort file searching is now more responsive. \f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Added 'huge' to browser size modes.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Playlist clips can now be smaller.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed occasional crash when assigning hardware XY controllers to params.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Assigning notes to slices made easier in Fruity Slicer plugin ("Last hit key" in menu).\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Double-clicking a pattern clip opens the piano roll/event editor at the time it was clicked. \f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Added support for Novation ReMOTE SL controller.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab New velocity & release mapping curves in the MIDI settings.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Support for note off velocity in piano roll, imported MIDI files, MIDI out & Sytrus plugins.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Sytrus: unlink velocity from volume, link velocity & release to attack & release.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab New online news & events toolbar.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fruity Slicer: can assign a slice to the last hit key. \f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed MIDI file import bug.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Little fix in wav file loader.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Video Player: fixed time calculation for steps per beat other than 4\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Wrapper: added "Save all programs" option\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Wrapper: several bugfixes\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Wrapper: added "MIDI Channel Aftertouch" special parameter to control aftertouch in a plugin\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab 'Set smart disable for all effects' changed to 'Set smart disable for all plugins' (now including generators). \f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab New Fruity Parametric EQ 2 plugin.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed crash when deleting channels while project browser was open.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed old bug in audio clips.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\f1\fs18\lang2067\tab Fixed threading problem with smart disable. \f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs18\lang1031 6.0.8 (13/01/2006)\b0\tab Fixed the wrapper crashing when it receives information from a plugin that it's removing.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031 (bugfixes!)\tab Fixed FPC crash when changing pad names from the Pads tab.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed tempo bug in envelope controller.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug saving adsr wheels in Envelope Controller.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed decimal point bug in Formula Controller.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in Fruity Slicer.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed wet level in Fruity Squeeze.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Tiny bugfix in sampler envelope display.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated ASIO host.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated DirectWave to version 1.03.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated Chrome with tester application.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 6.0.4 (28/12/2005)\tab\b0 Fixed non-working shortcut in playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031 (bugfixes!)\tab Fixed built-in sustain support.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash while detecting sample tempo.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed wrong reloading of sample loop type.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in audio clips volume envelopes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed patch selector in Dashboard.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed score selection in FPC when an empty folder is selected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in FPC and Fruity wrapper that caused drag and drop to stop working.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in Fruity Wrapper showing the selection menu when loading songs with a Waveshell plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed dual screen bug showing all menus on the wrong screen when the primary screen was on the right side of another screen.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug with echo delay presets in channel settings.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Rare bug fixed in Sytrus delay line. \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed browser being able to be resized when docked. \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed mixer send knobs animated when the wrong track was selected. \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added option to disable smooth scrolling (in FL, not plugins).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added warning when loading projects made with a more recent version of FL. \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Made overload-safety feature in audio settings optional (for those who have ASIO troubles).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in EQUO when processing was skipped.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Middle click to load projects from browser now prompts for saving.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed looping and song position in FL DXi when used in Sonar 4.0.3 or later.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rendering bug in Fruity Squeeze.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug that caused some DXi plugins to ignore note messages.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed EQ slider hint.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed Fruity Fast Dist bug when rendering.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug when moving plugin racks while event editor was open for one of their parameters.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 6.0.1 (08/12/2005)\tab FL now compiled with Delphi 2005.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New popup menu engine.\line New scale-detecting helper in piano roll.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Multiple MIDI input devices are now accepted.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI clock sync can now be sent to multiple MIDI devices.\line All control events can now be edited in the piano roll.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Edited events are now stored in a most recently used list.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll now offers 16 note colors (that can be seen as MIDI channels).\line Piano roll helpers also mark notes that have names (useful with Fruity Slicer).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now drag individual slices from the Fruity Slicer onto channels (or the explorer), and copy them to the Windows audio clipboard. \b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Revamped mixer with enhanced free track routing (all tracks can now be sends).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano kb keys now accepted in the MIDI remote control box (white = toggle, black = latch).\line\b0 'New 'Link all parameters' option in plugins & mixer' \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now move mixer tracks around.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New glue tool in piano roll, to glue contiguous notes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now replace a channel type by another (was already doable through presets).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Various other enhancements in the piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Support for MIDI hold & sostenuto with result directly in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Minor usability improvements.\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Ctrl+mouse wheel to center-zoom at the mouse position in event editors, piano roll & playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved stability/safety for ASIO devices.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in automation clips.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Drag/drop now works on detached playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Speed improvements.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Knobs animation is now smoother (for those who can notice).\line Browser revamped visually, with various little enhancements.\line Browser smart search feature, allowing things like <sytrus or sims?nth or wav and "rev* bongo">.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Browser updated to remember its last state, visual drag/drop.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Browser now monitors FL's data folder to refresh itself.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Browser can show all file types & their extension.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added browser snapshots.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Dropping a file onto the browser jumps to that file (providing it's available somewhere in the browser).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: arpeggiator built in envelopes, audio file to envelope analyzer, envelope vertical flipping.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: can now drag/drop single-cycle shapes onto harmonics editor, or channel button.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: waveforms can now be saved to (32bit) WAV files.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: enhanced waveform editing tools.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: added 4 new filter types.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: can now lock harmonics individually.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Sytrus: can now drag waveforms (click big waveform or ctrl+click small one) onto other synthesizers.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small mini-piano roll update bugfix when project browser is open.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab "Typing kb to piano" feature now works from the browser window as well (accel chars now only work in the tree when the feature is off).\line Bugfix in level scaling event editor tool.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New EQUO automatable equalizer plugin.\line New Fruity Reeverb 2 plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Slicer: loading/slicing drumloops doesn't break audio engine anymore.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Live mode: song relocation is bar-synchronized.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Alt+/* and Ctrl+Alt+/* to jump to/select next/previous song markers.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Misc little enhancements: middle mouse button in browser, mouse wheel working in some new places, etc.\line Added support for some more hardware controllers.\line Ultrasmooth visual feedback now off by default and sets a higher smoothness, and also now applies to fruity plugins.\line Playlist pattern lane gets a popup menu, and selected patterns can be renamed all at once.\line Added option to split (explode) a pattern by channel.\line Shift+piano roll/playlist cut tool now selects a column.\line Alt+click in piano roll/playlist/event editor bypasses the current snap (very handy). \line Shift+left/right or Alt+left/right shifts (nudges) selected notes in piano roll/playlist.\line Bugfix in audio recording undo, and also made it clearer (tells which files are gonna be undone).\line Can now edit note properties to change a note into a slide.\line Added workaround for minor Windows graphic bug in the playlist. \line Added CC standard names to popup in MIDI remote control box.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Shift+mouse wheel to scroll playlist, shift+right click for playback tool in piano roll, and various similar little enhancements.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now jump to song markers using MIDI input, and create them on the fly.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrappers publish 128 extra parameters for CC's, so that you can control a VSTi without using a MIDI out channel in most cases.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab FL can now send MTC as well as MIDI clock for output synchronization.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Support for multimedia keyboards (play/pause/stop/prev/next/browser keys, etc). \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Newbie enhancement: long audio files are not kept on disk by default anymore.\line Option to save audio & MIDI clipboard data to files (see tools menu).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Double-right-click piano roll & playlist brings the options menu.\line Better support for the Korg MS20 controller: cable in/out are mapped to CC to work as switches. \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Enhancement for tablet PC's: most forms states are saved per screen resolution (handy when switching from landscape to portrait mode).\line Enhancement for tablet PC's: stylus mode that allows easier tweaking of knobs as well as several little usability improvements for pencil use.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab App includes a 128x128 icon size for application bars (ObjectDock, etc).\line LAME DLL now loaded dynamically (to avoid problems when FL is used as a plugin).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Little fix for piano roll splitter losing its aspect ratio when resizing the window.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Less flicker when resizing some windows (unless detached). \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New 'one-click recording' option for dummies (in the tools menu).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added auto-map all ASIO inputs (just like outputs), to monitor all inputs. \line New Fruity Squeeze sound degradation plugin.\line FPC: volume and pan envelopes per pad.\line FPC: pad presets and note layouts.\line New Wasp XT synth plugin.\line Wrappers now automatically save plugin specific settings (optional).\line Video player now has an option to disable rendering audio.\line New GM preset for DrumSynth Live.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added support for Frontier Design's TranzPort controller.\line Piano roll note properties can now show note lengths (optional).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Alt+mouse wheel to change note properties (of the closest note, or the selected ones) in piano roll & SHIFT+mouse wheel to move them around.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Caps lock to move notes without changing their ending times in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab More accuracy in the drawing of events in the piano roll.\line Browser now shows .FNV (envelopes), .DWP (DirectWave) and .FXP/.FXB (VSTi patches). \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New Fruity Envelope Controller plugin.\line New DirectWave sampler plugin.\line New Chrome visualization plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Slicer can now export sliced sample.\line New sample and preset downloader for FPC and DirectWave plugins.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Existing automation clips are now adapted when the PPQ settings have changed.\line Added workaround for UAD-1 plugins to work.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Cue points are not turned into regions anymore.\line\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 5.0.2 (26/01/2005)\tab\b0 New key limiter tool in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New score flipper tool in piano roll.\line New level scaling tool in piano roll & event editor.\line Little bugfix in note legato tool.\line Right-click piano roll options button for direct access to tools.\line New 'Arrange windows' item to leave room for the bottom taskbar (handy under Windows XP).\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Keyboard shortcuts now work for detached windows.\b\line\b0 Updated to LAME 3.96.1.\line Fixed XI file loading bug.\line Added per-editor snap override.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Minor UI enhancements.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Slightly improved 'prepare for MIDI output'.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI remote control window now shows a list of all controllers linked to a parameter.\line\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 5.0.1 (20/12/04)\tab\b0 Fixed 'Add pitch to key' for plugins.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031 (bugfixes!)\tab Fixed crashing bug in Fruity Granulizer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed 2 minor bugs in Sytrus.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed problem with MIDI input in FL VSTi versions.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little problem after dismissing the piano roll note properties box.\line Fixed disabled automation clips processed when relocating the song.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Disabled looping for sample preview in browser (too many bad loop points in samples out there).\line Auto-scrolling doesn't switch off anymore when editing and the song is not playing.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed problems with dual monitors: FL can now be maximized on second monitor and will remember the monitor it's on when maximized.\line Fixed little playlist shortcut problem.\line Added option to detach playlist, piano roll and event editors from the working area (can be maximized on a second monitor).\line Changed the default wallpaper to a newbie one.\line Newbie enhancement: MIDI settings window doesn't show up anymore to let the user select a MIDI input device.\line Newbie enhancement: "Enable MIDI input/output" switches itself on when you select MIDI devices.\line\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 5.0 (20/11/04)\tab New automation clips in playlist.\line New powerful arpeggiator tool in piano roll.\line New Fruity WaveShaper effect plugin.\line New option to render audio files with slice markers (regions) built-in (regions are defined as beat markers for Adobe Audition).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Slicer now gets slices from audio file cue points as well (as well as trigger key #).\line Much improved Fruity Slicer, with stretching and REX loops support, and enhanced fill gaps.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New 'make unique' option for audio clips to sever parts.\line New time-stretching and pitch-shifting in audio tracks (with several modes, including the Elastique engine).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Tempo-synced preview of stretched samples.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added author & genre to song properties, saved inside WAV files and MP3 tags.\line Added tempo detector to audio tracks to align project tempo to song clips.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New drum flam tool in piano roll.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab DrumSynth Live now supports 120 patches.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Enhanced Fruity Granulizer with transient-alignment and new skin.\line Audio recording can now be undone, and mixer track arming button can be right-clicked not to prompt for a filename.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added note legato and articulation tool in piano roll.\line Basic loop recording.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added tempo tapping feature.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New FPC drumkit plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New Collab tool to work on shared projects.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added better automation smoothing to MIDI remote control (knob works as 1 pole or 3 poles).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now load MP3's into sampler channels and audio clips.\line Setting for steps per beat now adjust tempo as well (no need for tempo-doubling tricks anymore).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Slicer note dumping is now done in piano roll selection (if any).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New slicing engine in Fruity Slicer and FL (audio clips).\line Stacked notes in piano roll randomizer now work better.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Made brush default tool in event editor.\line Little bugfix for monophonic mode in step sequencer.\line Restyled Fruity HTML NoteBook plugin.\line Background wallpaper can now be HTML pages.\line Bugfix in Sytrus (making it a little faster).\line Added copy/paste preset to Sytrus, to share presets between all plugin versions of it.\line Added global envelope mode to Sytrus (version 1.2), for perfect gated presets.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash when deleting MIDI out channels sometimes.\line Song markers now properly stored in rendered waves even with tempo changes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed memory leak in Fruity Slicer plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated drum list in the MIDI out plugin to the GM2 standard.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Made channel resampling option always enabled.\line 'Keep on disk' samples can now be modified (loaded from disk when needed).\line Can now check 'keep on disk', 'resample' & other options even when not possible.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Newbie enhancement: snapping is off by default.\line Can now drop samples onto the channel settings window.\line Preview now only loads the few first seconds (for MP3's to preview faster).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab XY controller now supports multiple joysticks.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Right-clicking the recording disk to arm a mixer track won't prompt for a filename.\line Added option not to auto-unarm mixer tracks.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Selecting an ASIO input now arms the mixer track automatically.\line Added option to trim audio clip parts outside playlist selection.\line Auto-envelope cleaning in step edit mode in Sytrus & Fruity Waveshaper envelopes.\line Remove transposing from quantization tool - quantization scores can now safely contain notes other than C5.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Toolbars can now be locked.\line Replace 'Ignore velocity' option by 'Velocity link', to control per-note filter using velocity.\line Can now shift+click note events to unselect them.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now set one of the external audio editors to replace the default one.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added support for Hercules DJ Console (when set in MIDI mode, endless knobs, coupled switches, special switches & middle jog work).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added sampler interpolation method selector for realtime playback (audio settings).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed obsolete 1..9 pattern selector.\line FST and FSC file extensions are now associated with the app (and loaded in new channels).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Auto-scrolling switch now in the main part of the UI, and auto-disabled.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Song selection now shown in the transport slider as well.\line Minor cosmetic changes and new wallpapers.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Shift disables 'typing keyboard to piano' feature, handy to access shortcuts such as R for record.\line BkSp shortcut for quick snap switch.\line Fixed problem with incoming MIDI note off messages too quickly after note on.\line Minor fix in Fruity Vocoder.\line Removed (abused) live loop, in favor of Collab.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 4.5.2 (4/03/04)\tab\b0 Upgraded plugin menus: easier way to browse/automate parameters.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 3 band equalizer and soft mode option in Sytrus.\line Added option to use mixer position as playback position, for those who have crappy sound drivers and experience jerky playback cursors. \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in event editor zoom/select.\line Small bugfix in effect preset selector.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in Sytrus (was unstable).\line Little glitch fix in Sytrus.\line Changed scale for harmonics level editing in Sytrus.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed problem with some ZIP files not created (really this time).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in automation recording.\line Fixed arp/slide last bugs (I hope).\line Fixed tiny visual glitch in browser.\line Notes in step seq now restricted to the channel's keyzone.\line Added repeat mode to arpeggiator.\line Sytrus presets are now compressed (was needed for the VSTi version).\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 4.5.1 (29/12/03)\tab New Sytrus generator!\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New 'auto' mode in arpeggiator (finally works like a classic arp now).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New playback function in piano roll.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New strum tool in piano roll.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New Fruity Flangus effect plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New ReWire (host & client) support.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist / piano roll selection now updated when changing PPQ.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added ASIO clock source selector (for compatibility with the Tascam US-122)\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added ASIO CPU check for more stabillity (prevents freezing GUI). \fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed the obsolete 'tiny slices' rendering setting & improved rendering.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added beep metronome sound.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in Fruity Slicer plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in channel grouping while loading songs.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in preset switching.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 4.5 (3/11/03)\tab\b0 Bugfix in FL Keys & dashboard plugins.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031 (boxed release)\tab Added support for the Edirol PCR-30/50 controllers (see \\System\\Hardware specific).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in layer loading.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in automation smoothing.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added warning when saving to a protected MIDI file.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Inserting space in playlist now moves markers as well.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Editing playlist markers is now undoable.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in 'zoom on selection' in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Alt+click to default note levels in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in PPQ changing.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in playback indicators in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New free Slayer & FL Keys plugins (actually were in 4.1.2).\tab\line Improvement: arpeggiator now works fine with short single-hits.\line Don't ask why it's a 4.5 version already :)\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 4.1.2 (1/07/03)\tab Added automation smoothing feature.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added Fruity Keyboard Controller plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New undo history in project browser.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'insert/delete space' in playlist, piano roll & event editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Now showing plugins & their parameters in the project browser.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added output visual to Fruity Formula Controller plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved internal controller handling.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved pattern merging.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare automation problem.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed handling of special audio input format.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Event editor LFO tool can now be cancelled.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in MIDI file import for controllers.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in Boobass plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Sampler channels now load 24Bit integer wave files.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed small bug in Fruity Slicer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed small weird bug in plugins.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed sampler channel filters consistency accross sample rates. Projects not made at 44100Hz might sound a little different!\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small fix in Fruity Parametric EQ at 22000Hz.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small fix in filter for Fruity Delay 2.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small visual fix in Fruity Slicer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in Fruity Phaser plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab DS script loading bug (on some systems) finally fixed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 4.1.0 (7/04/03)\tab Many bugfixes.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031 (bugfixes!)\tab\b New cool (and free) vocoder plugin!\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added CTRL+N shortcut for 'Save new version'.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Link selected channels -> Starting from this track' to easily auto-assign mixer tracks to existing channels.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 4.0 (5/03/03)\tab Brand new playlist.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031 (FL Studio)\tab\b FX window becomes a mixer.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Audio clips can now be added to the playlist.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Slicer now auto-slices without the need for a registered BeatSlicer. Same for the 'File->Import->Beat to slice' feature\b0 .\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Added audio input (ASIO only) to the mixer.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added direct-to-disk recording & offline rendering of mixer tracks.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab FL Studio now available as a DXi plugin (FL Studio DXi, FL Studio VSTi, 1 & 16 out versions).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New Wave Traveller generator plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New BooBass generator plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Revamped randomizer, now also available in piano roll.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 New integrated wave editor for channel samples.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Fixed minor TS404 preset problem.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New cutting tool to piano roll & playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in SimSynth Live.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Mixer now has 64 insert tracks.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Mixer tracks can route to other mixer tracks, allowing groups & sub-groups.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Effects now have automated mute & mix level.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now save mixer track presets.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Patterns can now have different lengths.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now set pattern color.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New black note display mode in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New brush mode in playlist and piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New time scaling in piano roll (hold shift & resize notes).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Various improvements in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Right-clicking the mini piano roll jumps to the clicked position.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New time markers in playlist (numpad . to jump to the next one).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Time markers are saved in rendered waves as cue points.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Reworked & added some new artwork.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed small bug in envelope display.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed small bug in event editor line tool.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed MIDI sync output device not remembered.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI sync device is now shared with MIDI output devices.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now record in song mode into a pattern that hasn't been triggered (pattern is then added to the playlist).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can open the project browser from the playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added some 3DNow! optimization (Fruity Parametric EQ & various internal things now 2x faster on AMD's).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added graph in remote control mapping window.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed precomputed effects at other sample rates.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed FX send automation bug.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added phase randomness option to 3xOsc plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added autoscrolling in playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added some usability improvements.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Omni mode also works for mixer in remote control window.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed the way some plugins work with timers.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now set the track in which preview & metronome are mixed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug with GDI in browser.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed window visibility bug.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added live mode to playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed invalid automation problem after loading presets over a TS404 channel.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare bug with event editor's line tool.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Slightly updated look of the Fruity Slicer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Old precomputed effects are now hidden by default.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Rendered wave files now have loop points, useful when rendering using the leave remainder option.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab 'Save modified sample as...' now saves loop points.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Audio clips can be chopped up into regions (cue points stored in wave files or slices stored in ZGR's).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Pattern cloning now clones automation.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed GDI leak in Fruity NoteBook.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated LAME mp3 encoder to version 3.93.1.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Various bugfixes in FL VSTi.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Support for multiout VSTi plugins (generators only).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New wave editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small improvement in BeepMap plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Step sequencer editing is now undoable.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare note-dragging crash in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed glitch in sampler channels.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 3.5.6 (29/07/02)\tab\b0 Support for Tascam US-428 controller.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031 (more bugfixes!)\tab Formula in MIDI remote control box can now modify increment step (for endless knobs).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now select rows of notes in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'fit to time' option to Fruity granulizer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed weird rare automation bug.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved wrappers & fixed timing info.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'pausing steps' in some knobs & sliders.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New user interface for SimSynth Live.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab VSTi version now renders properly in Cubase.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New clock toolbar.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed tempo & pattern selectors.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed Wasp's envelope link problem.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed small playlist selection bug.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed various minor bugs.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 3.5.5 (4/07/02)\tab\b0 Bugfixed DrumSynth Live.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031 (bugfixes!)\b\tab\b0 Time hint in step sequencer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added support for Peavey StudioMix controller (knobs, sliders, switches & jog).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added support for StudioMix switches.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added support for 'endless' hardware controllers (Doepfer Pocket Dial).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Setup now warns about logging as administrator.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Various other bugfixes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Formula presets in MIDI remote control box.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 3.5.4 (19/06/02)\tab Can now copy, paste, save & restore automation.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab FruityLoops now available as a VSTi plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Multi ASIO output added.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New advanced quantization in piano roll.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New advanced pattern-based chopper in piano roll.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved channel envelopes (tension).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added batch export of FX tracks into separate wave files.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New Fruity fast dist plugin (same dist as for the TS404).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New Fruity soft clipper plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved Fruity slicer plugin (added 'fill gaps' option & slice reversing).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved global beat slicing (layering).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved Fruity wrapper plugins.\tab\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Added recording precount.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Support for speech synthesis (.speech files).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Added sample start to Fruity granulizer plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New step edit mode.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Much improved (but not compatible) TS404.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity wrappers now support DXi2 plugins.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New kick synthesizer plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved (but slower) sinc interpolation (thx to arguru).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved hermite interpolation (now 6 points) (thx to Yehar).\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Right click metronome for another tick sound.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Right click wait for input to allow it only when recording.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI activity LED now blinks yellow if the MIDI message wasn't handled (assigned to nothing).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Master sync now sends MIDI continue message instead of MIDI start.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Time in seconds now displayed by the playlist in the hint bar.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Project bones now includes automation as well.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fine time offset knob now automatable (can now do shuffle using internal controllers).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Peak meters optionally in dB format (see general settings).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Tiny bugfix in envelope processing.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI out plugin now supports channel aftertouch (& also redesigned visually).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed unuseful auto maximize & stop at bottom options.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI remote control window redesigned a little.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added quick preset randomizing & hybridize mode for plugins.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Slightly improved pattern humanizer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity soundfont player now searches for the first valid patch after a soundfont is loaded.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'explore' menu item to browser.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Select linked channels' option & FX track renaming (effects window).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in soundfont player & improved HQ rendering.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in echo delay combined with the time shift.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfixes in Fruity reeverb (now works fine at any mixing rate).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in channel muting.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in layer channels.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in Fruity slicer (sample rate conversion).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in step seq vol knob's gauge.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Color=$BBGGRR now recognized in browser info files.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed two bad memory leaks.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in DrumSynth patch loader.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved step sequencer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Mouse wheel now scrolls step seq keyboard edit.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 3.4.0 (19/12/01)\tab Added fat mode to channels (echo delay tab).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New input to output mapping formula in remote control linking.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added Fruity formula (internal) controller plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New Export->Project bones (exports all channel & effect presets + scores, to merge projects easier).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Introducing channel filtering for easier reading of the step sequencer.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Introducing layer channels, to control several channels at once.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed the freezing on some systems with the MIDI output enabled.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added activity meter to channels.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New Fruity chorus plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New Fruity DX10 & SoundFont player plugins.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now move patterns (or blocks of patterns) up/down (see playlist menu).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New 'save new version' option.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Note properties editing in the piano roll now works only for selected notes, if any.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab View all channels (ghost) mode in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added vertical zoom in event editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added tempo fine tuning (song settings).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Relooked testing kb, now with visual feedback & layer key zones.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed 'shuffled' option in channel's echo delay.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Play to end' option to Fruity slicer plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Arpeggiator time to max = holding.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'add root note to key' feature (useful for Fruity slicer & Fruity soundfont player).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed patch not restored by the MIDI out.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed last MIDI device not working for MIDI output sync.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Samples with loop points stored in wrong order are now loaded properly.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Little startup things are now set to better default values.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed raster visual effect in event editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed random association, replaced by the channel layering, better but uncompatible.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Channel aftertouch now mapped to #253 in MIDI input mapping (key aftertouch=#254, pitch bend=#255).\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 3.3.0 (16/10/01)\tab Multiple MIDI devices can now be controlled at once.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Introducing internal controllers.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New Fruity stereo enhancer plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New Fruity delay 2 plugin.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 2 FX send tracks & up to 8 plugins per track.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Better plugin lister, now verifies & sorts plugins.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New, rather accurate, global (multichannel) MIDI file import.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added portamento to all channels.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added velocity & kb tracking to all channels.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added ASIO output (no multichannel output, will be done, don't ask).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity wrapper can now read *.FXB files.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added portamento's in step sequencer & per-channel gating.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added Fruity Slicer, Fruity Granulizer, Fruity Big Clock, Fruity dB meter plugins.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added Buzz machines wrapper (generator & effect) plugins.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added levels adjustment per channel, for easier automation & preamp.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Added pitch per note in the piano roll.\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Effect plugins can now be named.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed knobs popup menu (added 'Copy value' & 'Paste value')\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Got rid of the 'filenames with spaces in them loaded as several files' problem.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved sample view in channel settings.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in plugins custom shapes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor bug in FX sends.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Remote control mapping now updated when modules change.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Remote control mapping now saved in FLP's, not as a general config anymore.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in channel FX track # automation.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in channel settings repaint (very rare & harmless bug).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed thing in levels ramping (rendering with 'tiny slices' on is now perfect).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added a wallpaper (Title.jpg).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Minor bugfix in mixer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed Export->Click marked samples option (hello alt+s freaks).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare bug in mixer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity plugins own data can now be collected & included in zipped loops.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in plugin preset selector.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added a couple of new 3xOsc presets.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed some disappearing cursor problems.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in sampler channels envelopes & MIDI remote control.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Note properties box now also works on selected notes in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added features to the 3xOsc.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added automatable gate time in channels (FUNC tab, mainly for the step seq).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Little bugfix in volume envelope attack.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab In pattern mode, the whole pattern is now rendered, not just the first bar.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Remote control mapping now listed in the project browser.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New, better set of fonts.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated LAME mp3 encoder to version 3.89.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New bugfixed Fruity Scratcher, WASP & Fruity phaser plugins.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Spectroman can now display in stereo.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 3.1.1 (3/05/01)\tab\b0 Bugfix in song relocation.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in project browser.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in 'Go to next empty pattern'.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added Fruity LSD & Fruity Spectroman plugins (reg. only).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added log decay switch to envelopes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed sliders a bit.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated Fruity plug SDK.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 3.1.0 (11/09/02)\tab Project (automation) browser.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031 (boxed version)\b\tab Now supporting DXi plugins!\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Piano roll data can now be copied from the step sequencer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Added 'Init with current position' in event editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added right click on snap selector for stock note lengths.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed Jedi mode :) disappearing mouse cursor problem.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Wrapped VST plugins now save their state into chunks (useful for the BS-1).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in Fruity Mute 2.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Harmless bug when closing 2 event editors at once fixed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed background wallpaper centering.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Favorites now available to channels as well.\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI input now handles start / stop / continue messages.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added (dirty) workaround for taskbar covering problem.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Cyrix problem finally fixed!\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Minor bugfixes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added project uploading feature.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New user-made MIDI out presets.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Turned auto snap into auto smoothing in event editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 3.0.1 (26/02/01)\tab Arpeggiator for each channel.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Exporting to MIDI file now works.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bugfix in mixer & pattern playing.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Effect version of Fruity wrapper plugin now properly listed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Minor bugfix in channel's edit menu.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in closing piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Minor bugfix in MIDI out plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Various bugfixes in wav renderer (can now render a playlist selection properly).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New user-made MIDI out presets.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved dropping of audio tracks into the playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved auto channel naming.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Introducing *.FSC FruityLoops score (piano roll) presets.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Minimized mode in piano roll.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI files now appear in the browser (to be dropped onto piano rolls) as well.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Plucked! & 3xOsc plugins now support custom shapes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Pattern (visual) length now saved in projects.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Various other improvements.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 3.0.0 (25/01/01)\tab New layout.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Piano roll.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Event track now per pattern.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New FX tracks (now 16 inserts + 2 sends)\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Centered views for some controllers in event editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Optimized song positioning.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Typing keyboard to MIDI option.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added metronome.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated to new DrumSynth renderer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added custom controls for DrumSynth presets.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Channel mute switch & FX track # are now automated.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI controllers can now control several channels at once.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed syncing problem.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New MIDI output plugin & much better MIDI support.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New plugin system (effects & generators).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New plugins: 3x Osc, BeepMap (image synth), Fruity PanOMatic, Fruity NoteBook, MIDI out, etc.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Slight optimization in TS404.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added MIDI kb to mute/solo mapping.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Peak meter now shows clipping.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Knobs should work better under Win2k.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added new filter types.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New, better pattern randomizer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed ugliness with system fonts set to large.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'smart disable' feature in effects.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added antialiasing to TS404 (rendering only).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Much more...\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 2.7.1 (25/09/00)\tab Small bugfix release:\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Fixed problem with some Win2k configs & registration.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Fixed small problem with multiple monitors (again).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed little bug in TS404 starting note.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor bug in event editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed right click on loop icon in playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor visual bug in title bars.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed minor bug in sample display.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in playlist hint.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bug in 3DFX display drivers avoided (they've fixed it too).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved Fruity reeverb plugin (no more slowing down).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Much faster sample locating.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Added Fruity \cf2 phaser plugin by Smart Electron:x.\cf0\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 2.7.0 (22/07/00)\tab LP x2 filter added to channels.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Global channel LFO added, handy for basslines.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Beatslicer standalone editor added.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Alternate B-splines interpolator in event editor (right click).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Snap mode (with interpolation) in event editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added presets to envelope time wheels.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added a couple of great instrument presets.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added dithering to 16Bit option (rendering only).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved SS2 preset renderer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated LAME mp3 encoder to version 3.84\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Surround effect removed, added 'Fruity phase inverter' to replace it.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fruity Fast LP plugin added (the main filter will disappear in a future release).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab ZIP & RBS ext added to sample browser, & FLP's are shown in all folders.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed envelope LFO shape not saved in FLP's.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix & slight optimization in TS404.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Had to remove bitmaps from song info edit, too much buggy :(\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in filter section (was always on... eating unneeded CPU).\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed 2 bugs in TS404 preset loading.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in pattern rendering when playlist has a selection.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in main oscilloscope.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed random association not saved properly.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Don't limit windows to screen' option for multimonitor support.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab More safety checks for 'altered project' flag.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Graphic engine changed, now eats a lot less graphic resources.\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 2.5.4 (6/05/00)\tab Added LP, BP, HP & Notch to channel filter.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Support for plugin presets (sample browser).\tab\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Bugfix in sample loading.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Wide skin script fixed.\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed filter bitmap in TS404 interface.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Better (typing) kb mapping for testing (channel settings kb).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Updated LAME mp3 encoder to version 3.70\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed linking of envelope wheels to MIDI controller.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved SimSynth 2 renderer DLL.\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New instrument patches by BSB.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Win2k compatibility: RichEdit crash fixed, selector display fixed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed fine tuning not saved in FLP's.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed recorded sample saving.\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed big samples always set as keep on disk samples.\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed old bug in playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in sampler envelopes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New SimSynth 2.7 patches! (/SS2_Extra/2.7)\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New humanize presets.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 2.5.0 (13/04/00)\tab Full envelopes & LFO (pan, vol, filter & pitch)!\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New *.FST 'channel state' files (instruments - replaces *.404 files).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New design for the TS404 (also added triangle LFO shape).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Tempo is now sample-accurate (useful when you render a lot of bars). \b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Channel settings window redesigned.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Partial import of ReBirth 338 song files.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab New impressive reverb plugin by Ultrafunk.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in rendering of TS404 (distortion).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bugs in ZIP export.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Minor bugfix in changing PPQ.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Timing is all new inside & more accurate.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Rendering changed & bugfixed (tempo changes).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab DirectX filters support updated.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'live loop'.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Autostretch follows tempo changes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Old crap trashed out: mix feature (graph edit) & vol/pan/pitch/mix wheels.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab FX in the graph edit reordered.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed small problem in level ramping.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Echo delay now linked to the channel.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added presets to event editor LFO (speed wheel popup).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Now TS404 sustain max = infinite.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab User skins will have to be slightly adjusted to work with this release.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Minor bugfix in pattern editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare click problem with resonant filter.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed crash when setting tool launched at startup with channel sample.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added sinc interpolation (very slow - rendering only) because cubic is sometimes noisy.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Now 1000 bars in playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Rearranged plugins list (too many on screen) + favorites.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Background process for long renderings.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added keep on disk samples.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added option not to resample waves (better for looped stuff).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added support for pyramid panning shape (circular is good but can generate clipping).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'keep notes continuous' tool (handy for TS404 without gate).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed rare crash with channel settings form & channel cloning.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added handy 'clone pattern' macro (tools).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Mapped key aftertouch into controller 254.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Pitch bend now supported.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed click removal option (always on).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Filter now automated.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Graph edit now allows offset of the filter.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added precalc DC offset removal.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Now renders playlist selection, if any.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now re-read the sample browser without collapsing everything.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved beat slicing (merging, shifting all the notes, checking for 'groups').\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 2.1.1 (19/01/00)\tab Now using the LAME MP3 encoder for the best quality!\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Tempo changes now recorded too (with some limitations).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added LFO tool in event editor.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now slice up beats thx to the BeatSlicer engine.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Fixed minor visual bug in event editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab More space around wheels (TS404 & VST plugins) not to miss them anymore.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Pattern autoscroll now optionnal.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Event editor enhanced.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Random tool now affects notes & slides for TS404 channels.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug with the piano kb & TS404 user shapes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed something with TS404 & patterns.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug with channel mix/random.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed click bug in fake surround effect.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed bug in VST plugins handling.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed note range in TS404 (some notes were clipped).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Prevents nasty slow FPU denormalization also in TS404 delay line & volume ramping.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Redesigned humanize box.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed 'update on each n ticks' option (I had to).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Better distortion on the TS404 when rendering (too slow).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed limitations of demo version.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added about box to Fruity plugins.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Fruity center' plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Switched default ticks per beat (PPQ) to 96.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Switched most time values (shift, delay) to a 192PPQ accuracy.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Mapped pitch bend into controller 255 for remote controlling.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Main cutoff now ramped.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed small bug in window arrangement.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed slave sync bug.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed small bug in wav looping.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved support for DirectX filters.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 2.0.1 (21/11/99)\tab\b0 Problem with background wallpaper covering some windows fixed. Also redraws smoother.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Crash with default skin in palettized mode fixed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Scrollbars can be moved another way (right click).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Support for middle mouse button (to reset wheels & scroll windows).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added FLP file format description (beta).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added plugin editors in view menu.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'arrange windows' in view menu.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed the 'auto arrange windows' option in settings.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed 'insert pattern in playlist' (not useful).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Internal sync has changed a lot & visuals are smoother.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now drop sound files on the playlist (very quick for effects on a song).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab No more flicker on some controls.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Basic MIDI input added (see ReadMe.doc).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added record button, mainly for keyboard input for now.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Autoscroll patterns when playing.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added new tips, read them!\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now move channels up/down.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Main reso filter now applied after the master plugins (better).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now render to 32Bit float wavs (for use in CoolEdit Pro).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Song settings separated from environment settings (more logical).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Right click a FX track button to pop up the list of plugins.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New default basic drumkit (Club basic).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab No more pattern & playlist clipboards filled at the same time to avoid mistakes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'captionnizing' to event editor.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Now supports DirectX plugins (crashes to be expected:).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Twice slower' in the tempo menu, for easier recordings.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added pan wheels to the main window.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Scans VST plugs in both user & Fruity directories.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab TS404 LFO now adjusted correctly when changing song position.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added balance custom plugin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added FruityPro /Reset to make a config reset in case you're in trouble.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Put the check for another instance back (this time only when there's a command line param) (hope crashes won't be reported this time).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Open with FruityLoops' in popup menu associated with FLP files.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed small bug in my use of the TS404.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab TS404 rewritten internally, using floats, no more clipping & more stable filter. Even slightly faster. User shape is back.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Adjusted range of the filter in the TS404.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Adjusted the range of all the reso filters.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Rearranged main sliders.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fixed glitch in cubic interpolation.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Skins now in /Skins subdir. No need to move your old ones, they're not compatible anyway.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Main, channel & delay line pan/volume tweakings interpolated to avoid pops.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Channel volume can now be tweaked on the fly (needed for the live recording).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b MIDI remote controlling of most controls!\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Removed 'ahead duration' mixer setting & added polling & hardware buffer settings for down to a 5ms latency on a SB Live!\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Finished new playlist look! (still same features for now)\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab FX tracks redesigned, now up to 8 tracks available.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Live recording!\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Integrated event editor!\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Option for more realistic logarithmic levels (song settings).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.7.6  \tab\b0\f1 small visual bugfixes.\f0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031 (bugfixes!)\tab Prob with SimSynth note fixed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Prob when mixing 2 TS404 fixed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Prob with dots window fixed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Prob with saving of wav files fixed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in scope.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in the disk renderer.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Internal sync small bugfix.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Replaced SHIFT by G to pop up the graph edit (I had to free SHIFT for shortcuts).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Some shortcuts changed/added (SHIFT instead of ALT for shifting left/right, shortcut for Save as...).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Now renders Acidized wav files.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added clone option to the channel pop up too.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added cool (but slow) light show (not totally finished).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Added export to MP3 thx to BladeEnc.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Can now load SimSynth 2 presets thx to David Billen.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Extended params for SimSynth 2 presets (riff, tempo).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Installer now adds shortcut icon & stuff.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Keyboard autoscroll when notes are out of range (autocentering would not be a good idea).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'auto zip empty channels' (general settings) for those who prefer to work this way.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Problem with last opened projects menu fixed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Adjustable fade out (when cut) for better strings.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added note fine tuning for samples which don't match.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Go to next empty pattern' tool.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Select unused channels' tool (to delete them to clean up your song).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added useful 'insert & remove pattern' tools.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab No more preview on right click in the sample browser (was annoying).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Plugin wheels now have a default value.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab More minor enhancements.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added ping pong delay.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added favorites to more dialogs (useful when exporting to wave file).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Fine tuning is read from WAV files (middle note isn't - too many C4 by default where it should be C5).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Hermite curve' interpolation (even better than linear) on stretching for sample loading & rendering (too slow for realtime).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Improved sample locating (as Sam wanted).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Main volume can be raised to 125%.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab VST plugins which have their own editor no longer have built-in wheels. Many are badly written & some crash because of this...\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab FX3 is now interpolated (much less noisy).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Middle mouse button used to reset wheels.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.6.5 (20/06/99) \tab Added support for SimSynth files.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can also set the middle note of SimSynth files.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Added 4 effect tracks (+master) supporting up to 4 plugins each.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Now support all plugins type.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Plugin stuff saved inside the FLP.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Now eats less Windows graphic resources.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Note deletion (right click) bugfix.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Prob with background picture fixed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Probs with Win98 fixed: the RTF format has slightly changed in Win98 & caused crash problems!\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab 'Reload sample' bugfix.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab More checks for 'bad' wavs (there are).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Some more minor bugfixes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now drop TS404 presets to create TS404 channels.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Inverted the shuffle slider (more logical).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Basic pack now included in the install package.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'shift delay' to the graph edit.\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab Added graph edit presets in the sample browser (text files to edit manually for now).\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf1\fs18\lang1031\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.5.23 (3/05/99) \tab\b0 Changed stuff in the main menu.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Minor visual bugfix.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Ping pong loop available even when not looped.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added stuff in the channel settings sample menu.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added the recording box.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed the check for another instance (crash reports).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Added the TS404 beta!\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New cool splash screen.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added background tiled bitmap.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added cool 'shade' scope mode.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab No more temp directory (uses the windows\\temp instead).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added zip/unzip support for samples & FLP in one single ZIP package.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Support for more extra sample directories. Also try to locate missing samples in these dirs.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added clone channel option.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added true delay line for the TS404.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Remove mute checkbox in the channel settings (not useful).\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf1\lang1043  \fs18\lang1031\tab\cf2 TS404 presets in the sample browser.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Can now act as master clock for sync!\b0  (read the ReadMe.doc file for limitations). Sends start / stop / clock / SPP. Should also follow tempo changes. Added sync delay too.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed the channel settings unuseful pan & vol menus.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Use of devices cleaned a bit. MIDI not opened if disabled. DirectSound not opened if disabled.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab\b Changed the mixer engine from 32bit int to 32bit floats.\b0  Shouldn't alter the sound in any way. Even faster (maybe unless you've got an AMD processor).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed support for WinAMP DSP plugins (they're all shit).\tab\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Playlist now starts from 1 instead of 0 (nicer).\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab VST plugins support beta.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\cf2\fs18\lang1031\tab Channel settings form shown unactivated to avoid mistakes.\cf0\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.4.3 (13/03/99) \tab\b0 Minor bugfix in loop files from sample browser.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Rendering & click removal bugfix.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.4.2 (9/03/99) \tab\b0 Default values for all sliders (right click).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Max tempo raised to 999 (don't tell me you need more).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added cut/copy/paste in the playlist.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added pattern naming (right click the top row in the playlist).\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed the loop selection & replaced it by looping the cut/copy selection.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Looped strings (using loop points defined inside the WAV file).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Better 'stop at screen bottom' (takes care of the task bar).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added handy 'Always full height' option.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added translation (for DSC) (french & nederlands).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Tips made external (translation).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Removed unuseful 'Export loop to clipboard' (now exports according to the loop state).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Now looks a bit better under weird Windows color schemes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Autostretch now up to 512 (but not compatible with old versions of FL).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Auto detects email in URL box.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Nasty click removal (have a low bass cutting itself to see the difference).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added FastTracker 2 XI instruments support (import only).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab DS & XI files now in sample browser too.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Wide skin now for reg. only :(\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Alt+click on knobs for quick note off (for strings) (just set volume to zero).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed the wheels to flat wheels in the default skin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.4.0 (16/12/98) \tab\b0 Last rendered wav path bug corrected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added stereo & 'flower' scope (right click the scope).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Small bug in the piano keyboard corrected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Linked windows (sample list window, piano window) move smoother.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Little anim on the sample browser.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in autostretch & ending silence trimming (sorry for incompatibilities).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added precalc reverb.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added loops in the sample browser.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bugfix in the loop info stuff (!@#! RichEdit control).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab 'crash on exit' bugfix.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Scope crash bugfix.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Dynamic sample browser (faster).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Another bugfix again (when loading old loops).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MultiPlugin crash bugfix (but still a prob here).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab DrumSynth DS files support.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added tools to the 'sample scope' popup menu (so you can edit DS files directly with DrumSynth).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'repeat block length' (just visual).\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab ALT+click on a wheel to reset it.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Zipped channels bugfix.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 256 colors warning message.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added some tips.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Finally up to 64 notes per pattern.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Patterns take less memory (but who cares).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Fill each x notes' to channel menu.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab The prog now takes a bit less graphic resources (but still too much).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.3.8 (27/10/98) \tab\b0 Added quick 'Load sample...' in the channel context menu.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added a small starting 4 channels kit in the package.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Added auto-scroll to the selected channel (arrow keys).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Main window never goes below screen bottom.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Math copro related bugfix.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Drag/drop small bugfix.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added background wallpaper (for those who don't like to have the desktop behind).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Loop selection in the playlist (right click+drag down).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab More hints on the wheels (numeric value).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Faster stretching.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added linear interpolation to realtime stretching (optional).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added interpolation to imported wave files under 44Khz.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Output scope has a faster response.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'Big Scope' skin.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Saves *.nfo file on rendering (for FruityTracks/DMM).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added quick 'copy whole pattern'.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added drumkits.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab More compatibility with compressed wav formats (ADPCM & mu-LAW can now be loaded using the installed ACM codecs several times).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Save modified sample (right click the scope in the channel settings).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Can now render to mono.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Finally added pattern length (set globally).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added integrated FastWAV-like sample browser (CTRL+B).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Changed the ugly Windows scrollbar.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\tab\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.3.72 (01/09/98) \tab\b0 Checks for another instance & asks to have it closed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI tempo now updated when synchronized.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Another (old) MIDI related bug corrected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.3.67 (28/08/98) \tab\b0 Bug in the MIDI rendering/export corrected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.3.66 (26/08/98) \tab\b0 Avoid old ComCtl32.DLL bug by loading bullets & slider knobs externally.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added 'shift delay' trick so that 32nd notes can be achieved (using another channel).\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 FruityLoops Pro     \tab\b0 Stretching now in realtime.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.3.56 (01/08/98) \tab\b0 Pitch for each dot added.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added bottom status/resize bar.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Edit mode buttons added (Pan/vol & Keyboard modes).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Main pitch slider added.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Old way to set dot volume removed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added channel selection.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added piano keyboard.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added graph edit.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Humanize on pitch & mix.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Script to customize the skin (colors, holes & positions).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab CTRL+left click on any set button for a quick preview of the sample.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added a BW skin that looks good & works almost well with palettized systems.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab CTRL to transpose (keyboard mode).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Dots window added.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Shows CPU usage (sample settings).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Replaced the old echo by a useful one.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Inverted the pattern numpad to match the keyboard one.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Preview in wave open dialog.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab The selected channel gets the sample directly from FastWAV (double click).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab PlayList window can now be resized. Also the /* keys change the playing pattern.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Dot pan, dot note, mix effect & random now work with MIDI too.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Corrected bug in the precalc resonant filter.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 New playlist that allows multiple patterns at the same time.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0 Stereo delay & phaser effect added.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Wider range for the delay volume wheel.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Auto trim silence at the end of samples not to have to mix it (faster).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Realtime resonant filter added.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Starting sound.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Various bugs corrected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\tab\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.2.13 (not released)\tab\b0 Attack added.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Favorites in wave open dialog.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MIDI bank selection stuff corrected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added MIDI controller settings.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Auto-close FastWAV.\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031\tab\b0\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.2.12 (01/06/98)\tab\b0 Bug that caused the echo to cut the sample itself corrected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added Ins/Del buttons in playlist. Also right clicking on the left part selects the pattern too.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Bug with the 6 numeric key sending minus corrected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added preamp & decay precalc effects.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Sample settings window rearranged.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab MP3 decoding added then removed (see below)...\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.2.11 (20/05/98)\tab\b0 WinAMP DSP plugins support (registered only).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Unregistered version now limited to 4 channels.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Humanize now in percents.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Panning for each dot.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab New way of setting dot pan & vol (SHIFT).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Humanize pan too.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.2.10 (02/05/98)\tab\b0 Will loop the existing patterns if playlist empty instead of playing the first one.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Right clicking a channel mute button for 'solo'.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Loop comments are now in Rich Text format (RTF).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Warning message when no output driver selected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Minor bugs corrected. Should be more stable. I hope.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Close DirectSound when loosing focus so most wave editors can run.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added preview in the settings form.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Stretching to fit the pattern. Precalculated & rather slow.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab CTRL key to adjust the volume of a whole line.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Note window has merged with the channel settings form.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab More accurate wheel movement (right click).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Samples now support panning.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.2.9 (19/04/98)\tab\b0 Minor bug on the small volume wheel corrected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Tried to 'attach' FastWAV to the main window.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Main window position saved & restored.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Keyboard keys to mute channels.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Scope mute button bitmap now loaded (skins).\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Corrected another bug that made samples not to be found sometimes.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs18\lang1031\tab Added tips of the day. Hope they will be read :)\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.2.8 (15/04/98)\tab\b0 Can now drop FLP files on the main window.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs20\lang1031\tab Bugs corrected in the saving of FLP files.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs20\lang1031\tab Humanize added.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs20\lang1031\tab Sync to input bug corrected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs20\lang1031\tab MIDI/Samples menu option added.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs20\lang1031\tab Settings box shown when no output selected.\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs20\lang1031\tab\fs24\lang2060\par
\b\fs18\lang1031 1.2.7\tab\b0\fs20 Channels volume/mute & main volume/shuffle now in the main window\fs18 .\fs24\lang2060\par
\fs20\lang1031\tab Loop settings menu removed.\fs24\lang2060\par
\par
\fs20\lang1031 (previous versions were MIDI only beta releases)\fs24\lang2060\par
}
 